<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>serviced script</title>
  <shortdesc>The <cmdname>serviced script</cmdname> command verifies or performs the commands in a
    script file.  </shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>USAGE</title>
      <p>A script file is a text file that contains commands to automate common or repetitive tasks
        and tasks that might require specific services or conditions.</p>
      <p>The <cmdname>serviced script</cmdname> command provides three subcommands.</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><codeph>help</codeph></dt>
          <dd>Display the help message.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><codeph>parse</codeph></dt>
          <dd>Verify the syntax of a script file.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><codeph>run</codeph></dt>
          <dd>Perform the commands in a script file.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>The correct invocation of <cmdname>serviced script run</cmdname> depends on whether the
          <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname> command is present in a script file.<ul id="ul_bdb_ntj_rx">
          <li>If a script file does not include <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname>, no additional
            parameters are required. For
            example:<codeblock>serviced script run task1.txt</codeblock>
          </li>
          <li>If a script file includes <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname>, the
              <codeph>--service</codeph> parameter is required. For
            example:<codeblock>serviced script run task2.txt --service Zenoss.core</codeblock>
          </li>
        </ul></p>
      <p>The log file of a <cmdname>serviced script run</cmdname> invocation is
            <filepath>/var/log/serviced/script-<varname>TIMESTAMP</varname>-<varname>$USER</varname>.log</filepath></p>
      <note>To commit a container, a <cmdname>serviced script run</cmdname> invocation must be
        performed on the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host.</note>
    </section>
    
    <section>
      <title>SYNTAX</title>
      <p>The script file syntax rules are as follows:</p>
          <ul>
            <li>Lines that contain no text and lines that start with the number sign
              character (<codeph>#</codeph>) are ignored.</li>
            <li>Lines are terminated with LF or CR+LF.</li>
            <li>A command and its arguments cannot span lines.</li>
            <li>The maximum number of characters per line (command and arguments) is 300000.</li>
            <li>Unless otherwise noted, all command arguments are treated as strings.</li>
          </ul>
    </section>
    
    <section>
      <title>COMMANDS</title>
      <p>Commands are performed in the order in which they occur in a script. Scripts terminate on
        completion and when a command returns an exit code other than zero.</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>DESCRIPTION</kwd>
              <var>argument...</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>A statement about the script. </dd>
          <dd>Scripts may contain one or zero <cmdname>DESCRIPTION</cmdname> commands. At least one
            argument is required.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>VERSION</kwd> <var>argument</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>A revision reference for the script. </dd>
          <dd>Scripts may contain one or zero <cmdname>VERSION</cmdname> commands. Only one argument
            is supported.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>REQUIRE_SVC</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>The script needs a reference service in order to perform some or all of its tasks. The
            service is specified with the <codeph>--service</codeph> parameter of the
              <cmdname>serviced script run</cmdname> command.</dd>
          <dd>Scripts may contain one or zero <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname> commands.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>SNAPSHOT</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Perform a snapshot. If a script command fails, <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> rolls back
            to the most recent snapshot. </dd>
          <dd>The <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname> command must be present in the script.</dd>
          <dd>Scripts may contain multiple <cmdname>SNAPSHOT</cmdname> commands.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>SVC_USE</kwd> <var>Image-ID</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Use the specified image for script commands that occur after this
              <cmdname>SVC_USE</cmdname> command. If your application uses multiple images, enter
            additional <cmdname>SVC_USE</cmdname> commands to specify each image. If the specified
            image is not present in the local Docker registry, <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> attempts
            to pull it from Docker Hub.</dd>
          <dd>The <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname> command must be present in the script.</dd>
          <dd>Scripts may contain multiple <cmdname>SVC_USE</cmdname> commands. Only one argument is
            supported.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>SVC_RUN</kwd> <var>Service</var> <var>Run-Command</var> <var>arguments</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Invoke one of the pre-defined commands associated with a service.</dd>
          <dd><varname>Service</varname> must be the absolute path of a service, with each service
            in the path separated by the solidus character (<codeph>/</codeph>). For example,
              <codeph>Zenoss.core/Zope</codeph>.</dd>
          <dd>The <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname> command must be present in the script.</dd>
          <dd>Scripts may contain multiple <cmdname>SVC_RUN</cmdname> commands. Multiple arguments
            are supported.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>SVC_EXEC</kwd>
              <delim>[</delim>COMMIT<delim>|</delim>NO_COMMIT<delim>]</delim>
              <var>Service</var>
              <var>argument...</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Start a new container to run arbitrary commands. (Equivalent to a non-interactive
            invocation of <cmdname>serviced service shell</cmdname>.) </dd>
          <dd>When <codeph>COMMIT</codeph> is specified, changes are committed on successful completion
            of the commands in <varname>argument</varname>. When <codeph>NO_COMMIT</codeph> is specified,
          changes are not committed.</dd>
          <dd><varname>Service</varname> must be the absolute path of a service, with each service
            in the path separated by the solidus character (<codeph>/</codeph>). For example,
              <codeph>Zenoss.core/Zope</codeph>.</dd>
          <dd>The <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname> command must be present in the script.</dd>
          <dd>Scripts may contain multiple <cmdname>SVC_EXEC</cmdname> commands.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>SVC_START</kwd>
              <delim>{</delim>auto<delim>|</delim>recurse<delim>}</delim>
              <var>Service</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Start a new instance of <varname>Service</varname>. </dd>
          <dd>If <codeph>auto</codeph> or <codeph>recurse</codeph> is not specified, all configured
            instances of <varname>Service</varname> are started. If <codeph>auto</codeph> or
              <codeph>recurse</codeph> is specified, all configured instances of
              <varname>Service</varname> and all of their child services are started.</dd>
          <dd><varname>Service</varname> must be the absolute path of a service, with each service
            in the path separated by the solidus character (<codeph>/</codeph>). For example,
              <codeph>Zenoss.core/Zope</codeph>.</dd>
          <dd>The <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname> command must be present in the script.</dd>
          <dd>Scripts may contain multiple <cmdname>SVC_START</cmdname> commands. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>SVC_STOP</kwd>
              <delim>{</delim>auto<delim>|</delim>recurse<delim>}</delim>
              <var>Service</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Stop the specified service.</dd>
          <dd>If <codeph>auto</codeph> or <codeph>recurse</codeph> is not specified, all instances
            of <varname>Service</varname> are stopped. If <codeph>auto</codeph> or
              <codeph>recurse</codeph> is specified, all instances of <varname>Service</varname> and
            all of their child services are stopped.</dd>
          <dd><varname>Service</varname> must be the absolute path of a service, with each service
            in the path separated by the solidus character (<codeph>/</codeph>). For example,
              <codeph>Zenoss.core/Zope</codeph>.</dd>
          <dd>The <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname> command must be present in the script.</dd>
          <dd>Scripts may contain multiple <cmdname>SVC_STOP</cmdname> commands. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>SVC_RESTART</kwd>
              <delim>{</delim>auto<delim>|</delim>recurse<delim>}</delim>
              <var>Service</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Restart the specified service. </dd>
          <dd>If <codeph>auto</codeph> or <codeph>recurse</codeph> is not specified, all instances
            of <varname>Service</varname> are restarted. If <codeph>auto</codeph> or
              <codeph>recurse</codeph> is specified, all instances of <varname>Service</varname> and
            all of their child services are restarted.</dd>
          <dd><varname>Service</varname> must be the absolute path of a service, with each service
            in the path separated by the solidus character (<codeph>/</codeph>). For example,
              <codeph>Zenoss.core/Zope</codeph>.</dd>
          <dd>The <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname> command must be present in the script.</dd>
          <dd>Scripts may contain multiple <cmdname>SVC_RESTART</cmdname> commands. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>SVC_WAIT</kwd>
              <var>Service...</var>
              <delim>[</delim>started<delim>|</delim>stopped<delim>|</delim>paused<delim>]</delim>
              <var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Pause <varname>Duration</varname> seconds, or pause until the specified service or
            services reach the <codeph>started</codeph>, <codeph>stopped</codeph>, or
              <codeph>paused</codeph> state. If the state is not reached when
              <varname>Duration</varname> expires, the command fails.</dd>
          <dd><varname>Duration</varname> must be an integer.</dd>
          <dd>Each <varname>Service</varname> must be the absolute path of a service, with each
            service in the path separated by the solidus character (<codeph>/</codeph>). For
            example, <codeph>Zenoss.core/Zope</codeph>.</dd>
          <dd>The <cmdname>REQUIRE_SVC</cmdname> command must be present in the script.</dd>
          <dd>Scripts may contain multiple <cmdname>SVC_WAIT</cmdname> commands. </dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
