<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title><cmdname>serviced service clone</cmdname></title>
  <shortdesc>Creates a clone of an existing service. </shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>USAGE</title>
      <p>Use this command to quickly create a clone of an existing service. The command returns the
        cloned service's new ID. </p>
      <p>Use <cmdname>serviced service list</cmdname> to view the cloned service. </p>
      <p>The cloned service is not automatically started. To start the service use <cmdname>serviced
          service start</cmdname>. </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>SYNTAX</title>
      <p><codeph>serviced service clone <varname>--suffix</varname> { SERVICEID | SERVICENAME |
          [POOL/]...PARENTNAME.../SERVICENAME }</codeph></p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>OPTIONS</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--suffix</synph></dt>
          <dd>A name that is appended to the service, volumes, and endpoints of the newly cloned
            service. </dd>
          <dd>If a suffix is not specified, a dash and the first 12 characters of the
              <codeph>SERVICEID</codeph> is appended to the name, for example:
              <codeph>-b27482e7a1b6</codeph>
          </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>SERVICEID</synph></dt>
          <dd>A unique string of characters that identify the service. (How many chars long?)</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>SERVICENAME</synph></dt>
          <dd>The name of the service.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>POOL/...PARENTNAME.../SERVICENAME</synph></dt>
          <dd>The path to the service, starting with the Resource Pool name, parent name, and
            finally the service name. </dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>EXAMPLE</title>
      <p>The following example command creates a clone of the <cmdname>mariadb-model</cmdname>
        service and appends it with the suffix "-AusHub":</p>
      <p><cmdname>root@zenoss:~# serviced service clone --suffix=-AusHub mariadb-model</cmdname></p>
      <p><systemoutput> anm4tpiqxj1gih6puzl7apn6i </systemoutput></p>
      <p>The following example command lists all instances of the <cmdname>mariadb-model</cmdname>
        service: </p>
      <p><cmdname>root@zenoss:~# serviced service list | grep mariadb-model</cmdname></p>
      <p><systemoutput> mariadb-model 7h7uefodmvwrx81p31sp46ss7 1 .../b034bfj.../resmgr_5.0 default
          1 auto waterloo mariadb-model-AusHub anm4tpiqxj1gih6puzl7apn6i 1 .../b034bfj.../resmgr_5.0
          default 0 auto waterloo ip-10-111-23-218 Y</systemoutput></p>
      <p>The following example command starts the cloned service:</p>
      <p><cmdname>root@zenoss:~# serviced service start mariadb-model-AusHub</cmdname></p>
      <p><systemoutput>Scheduled 1 service(s) to start</systemoutput></p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
