<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>serviced log export</title>
  <shortdesc>The <cmdname>serviced log export</cmdname> command exports application log files from
    Logstash for one or more services based on service identifier or service name. By default, the
    command exports a <cmdname>tar</cmdname> archive file, which contains a separate log file for
    each unique combination of container and log file name, and an index file summarizing the log
    files.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title>USAGE</title>
      <codeblock>serviced log export [arguments...]</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>OPTIONS</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--from <var>Date</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The start date, in <codeph>yyyy.mm.dd</codeph> format. The default is
            yesterday's date.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--to <var>Date</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The end date, in <codeph>yyyy.mm.dd</codeph> format. The default is
            today's date.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--service <var>Service</var>
            <delim>[</delim>--service <var>Service</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></dt>
          <dd>The name or ID of  one or more services. By default, all child services are
            included.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--file <var>Path</var>
            <delim>[</delim>--file <var>Path</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></dt>
          <dd>The path or paths of one or more application logs to export.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--out <var>Path</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The location for the output file.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><delim>[</delim>--debug<delim>|</delim>--d<delim>]</delim></synph></dt>
          <dd>Display diagnostic messages.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--group-by <var>Group</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Group the results. The value of <varname>Group</varname> can be
            <codeph>container</codeph>, <codeph>service</codeph>, or <codeph>day</codeph>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><delim>[</delim>--no-children<delim>|</delim>--n<delim>]</delim></synph></dt>
          <dd>Do not export child services.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>EXAMPLE</title>
      <codeblock>serviced log export --service zope --service zenhub --group-by day \
  --from 2017.05.01 --to 2017.05.31 --out /tmp</codeblock>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
