<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>serviced pool</title>
  <shortdesc>Use the <cmdname>serviced pool</cmdname> command to view and manage <ph keyref="nm-cc"
    /> resource pools.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_tgt_1qk_5x">
      <title>USAGE</title>
      <codeblock>serviced pool [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="section_qfy_jyb_hx">
      <title>OPTIONS</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt> --generate-bash-completion</dt>
          <dd/>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--help, -h</dt>
          <dd>Show the help for an option.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section id="section_qzq_xyb_hx"><title>COMMANDS</title>The following commands are available for
        <cmdname>serviced pool</cmdname>:<dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>list</dt>
          <dd>List all pools.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>add</dt>
          <dd>Add a new resource pool.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>remove, rm</dt>
          <dd>Remove an existing resource pool.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>list-ips</dt>
          <dd>Lists the IP addresses for a resource pool.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>add-virtual-ip</dt>
          <dd>Add a virtual IP address to a resource pool.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>remove-virtual-ip</dt>
          <dd>Remove a virtual IP address from a resource pool.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>set-conn-timeout</dt>
          <dd>Set a connection timeout for a high-latency resource pool (for example, 5m, 2h,
            6.6s).</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>set-permission </dt>
          <dd>Set permission flags for hosts in a resource pool.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>help, h</dt>
          <dd>Show a list of commands or the help for a single command.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl></section>
    <section>
      <title>serviced pool set-conn-timeout</title>
      <p>The <cmdname>serviced pool set-conn-timeout</cmdname> command sets the length of time
        the scheduler waits for a disconnected delegate to rejoin its pool before moving 
        the services scheduled for the delegate to a different host in the pool.</p>
      <p>Syntax:</p>
      <codeblock>serviced pool set-conn-timeout <varname>POOLID</varname> <varname>TIMEOUT</varname></codeblock>
      <p>The <varname>TIMEOUT</varname> value is specified with an integer followed by the units identifier.
        This command accepts the following units identifiers:
        <ul>
          <li><codeph>ms</codeph>, milliseconds</li>
          <li><codeph>s</codeph>, seconds</li>
          <li><codeph>m</codeph>, minutes</li>
          <li><codeph>h</codeph>, hours</li>
        </ul>
        For example, <codeph>50ms</codeph> or <codeph>2m</codeph>.
      </p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>serviced pool set-permission</title>
      <p>The <cmdname>serviced pool set-permission</cmdname> command sets permission flags for hosts
        in the resource pool, <varname>POOLID</varname>. Before removing access to administrative
        functions (<cmdname>--admin</cmdname>), remove DFS access.</p>
      <p>Syntax:</p>
      <codeblock>serviced pool set-permission [--dfs[=false]][--admin[=false]] <varname>POOLID</varname></codeblock>
      <p>Command options:</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--dfs[=false]]</dt>
          <dd>Add or remove permission to mount the DFS. The default value is <codeph>true</codeph>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--admin[=false]]</dt>
          <dd>Add or remove permission to perform administrative functions DFS. The default value is <codeph>true</codeph>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>EXAMPLES</title>
      <p>Give a resource pool distributed file system (DFS) access: </p>
      <codeblock>serviced pool set-permission --dfs pool_01_140620</codeblock>
      <p>Give a resource pool access to administrative functions: </p>
      <codeblock>serviced pool set-permission --admin pool_01_140620</codeblock>
      <p>Remove DFS access permission from a resource pool.<note>If you need to remove access to
        administrative functions, first remove DFS access.</note></p>
      <codeblock>serviced pool set-permission --dfs=false pool_01_140620</codeblock>
      <p>Remove resource pool access to administrative functions.<note>If you need to remove access
        to administrative functions, first remove DFS access.</note></p>
      <codeblock>serviced pool set-permission --admin=false pool_01_140620</codeblock>
      <p>Set the connection timeout value to 3 minutes:</p>
      <codeblock>serviced pool set-conn-timeout pool_01_140620 3m</codeblock>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
