<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>serviced backup</title>
  <shortdesc>The <cmdname>serviced backup</cmdname> command saves a snapshot of the current state of
    the system, the state of all services, and application data to a compressed tar archive file
      (<filepath>.tgz</filepath>). </shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>You can back up the entire system or exclude certain directories, such as a directory that
        contains application performance data. </p>
      <p>Before starting a backup, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
        estimates the size of the backup file and compares it to the amount of free space. If
        storage space is insufficient, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> does not start a backup.
        Exit code 1 indicates insufficient space.
        If storage space is insufficient, take action
        to increase available space, and then try the backup again.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>USAGE</title>
      <codeblock>serviced backup [arguments...]</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>OPTIONS</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--exclude <var>Item</var>
            <delim>[</delim>--exclude <var>Item</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></dt>
          <dd>One or more tenant volume items to exclude from the backup. The following list
            identifies valid values for <varname>Item</varname>:
          <ul>
            <li><codeph>etl-analytics</codeph></li>
            <li><codeph>hbase-*</codeph></li>
            <li><codeph>mariadb-events</codeph></li>
            <li><codeph>rabbitmq</codeph></li>
            <li><codeph>zeneventserver</codeph></li>
            <li><codeph>var-zenpacks</codeph></li>
            <li><codeph>zenjobs</codeph></li>
            <li><codeph>zencatalogservice</codeph></li>
          </ul></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--check</synph></dt>
          <dd>Estimate the backup file size and check available storage space, but do not start the
            backup. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--force</synph></dt>
          <dd>Attempt to perform a backup even if the check for sufficient storage space failed. Use
            this override option with caution. If the backup exhausts storage space on the device,
            you must restart <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><delim>[</delim>--help<delim>|</delim>--h<delim>]</delim></synph></dt>
          <dd>Show the help for an option.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
