<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>serviced</title>
  <refbody>
    
    <section>
      <title>NAME</title>
      <p><cmdname>serviced</cmdname> - A container-based management system.</p>    
    </section>   
    
    <section>
      <title>SYNTAX</title>
      <p><synph><kwd>serviced</kwd> <delim>[</delim>global options<delim>]</delim> command <delim>[</delim>command options<delim>]</delim> <delim>[</delim>arguments...<delim>]</delim></synph></p>
    </section>
    
    <section>
      <title>DESCRIPTION</title>
      <p><cmdname>serviced</cmdname> is an open-source, application 
        service orchestrator based on <xref keyref="url-docker">Docker</xref>.</p>
    </section>
    
    <section>
      <title>GLOBAL OPTIONS</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--docker-registry
            <var>Master-Hostname</var><delim>:</delim>5000</synph></dt>
          <dd>The local Docker registry to use. For more information, see
              <varname>SERVICED_DOCKER_REGISTRY</varname>  in the section about  configuration file
            environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--static-ip <var>IP-Address</var>
              <delim>[</delim>--static-ip <var>IP-Address</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></dt>
          <dd>One or more static IP addresses for a <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> instance to
            advertise. For more information, see <varname>SERVICED_STATIC_IPS</varname>  in the
            section about  configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--endpoint
            <var>Host</var><delim>:</delim><var>Port</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> RPC endpoint. The value of <varname>Host</varname> is
            the hostname or IP address of the master host. The default value of
              <varname>Port</varname> is 4979. For more information, see
              <varname>SERVICED_ENDPOINT</varname> in the section about  configuration file
            environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--outbound <var>IP-Address</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The default startup routines of <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> include attempting to ping
              <filepath>google.com</filepath>. When a value is set for this variable,
              <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> does not attempt the ping and assumes it does not have
            internet access.</dd>
          <dd>Use this option to specify the IP address of a network interface other than the
            default, or to prevent <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> from assuming it has internet access.
            For more information, see <varname>SERVICED_OUTBOUND_IP</varname>  in the section about
            configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--uiport<delim>:</delim><var>Port</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The port on which the HTTP server listens for requests. The default value is 443,
            unless <varname>SERVICED_UI_PORT</varname> is set in the configuration file. For more
            information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--nfs-client <var>value</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Determines whether a <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> delegate mounts the DFS. The default
            value is 1 (enable) unless <varname>SERVICED_NFS_CLIENT</varname> is set in the
            configuration file. For more information, see the section about configuration file
            environment variables. <note>Before changing the default, ensure that no stateful
              services can run on the host. Disabling the DFS can destroy application data. To
              disable mounting, set the value to <codeph>0</codeph>.</note></dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--listen<delim>:</delim><var>Port</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> RPC endpoint on the local host. The default value of
              <varname>Port</varname> is 4979. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--docker-dns <var>Option</var>
            <delim>[</delim>--docker-dns <var>Option</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></dt>
          <dd>One or more DNS configuration flags for Docker to use when starting containers.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--master</synph></dt>
          <dd>Run the application services scheduler and other internal services.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--agent</synph></dt>
          <dd>Run application services scheduled by the master.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--mux <var>Port</var></synph></dt>
          <dd> The port used for traffic among Docker containers. The default value is 22250, unless
              <varname>SERVICED_MUX_PORT</varname> is set in the configuration file. For more
            information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--mux-disable-tls</synph></dt>
          <dd>Determines whether inter-host traffic among Docker containers is encrypted with TLS.
            Intra-host traffic among Docker containers is not encrypted.</dd>
          <dd>The default value is 0 (enabled) unless <varname>SERVICED_MUX_DISABLE_TLS</varname> is
            set to <codeph>1</codeph> (disable encryption) in the configuration file.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--mux-tls-ciphers <synph><var>Option</var>
                <delim>[</delim>--mux-tls-ciphers
              <var>Option</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></synph></dt>
          <dd>The list TLS ciphers <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> supports for mux traffic. The default
            may be set in by <varname>SERVICED_MUX_TLS_CIPHERS</varname> in the configuration file.
            For more information, see the section about configuration file environment
            variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--mux-tls-min-version <var> </var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The minimum version of TLS that <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> accepts for mux traffic.
            Valid values are <codeph>VersionTLS11</codeph> and <codeph>VersionTLS12</codeph>. The
            default value is <codeph>VersionTLS11</codeph> unless
              <varname>SERVICED_MUX_TLS_MIN_VERSION</varname>  is set in the configuration file. For
            more information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--var <var>Path</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>This option has been deprecated.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>volumes-path <var>Path</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The location of <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> application data. The default path is
              <filepath>/opt/serviced/var/volumes</filepath> unless the value of the
              <varname>SERVICED_VOLUMES_PATH</varname> is set in the configuration file. For more
            information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>isvcs-path <var>Path</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The location of <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> internal services data. The default path
            is <filepath>/opt/serviced/var/isvcs</filepath> unless the value of the
              <varname>SERVICED_ISVCS_PATH</varname> is set in the configuration file. For more
            information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>backups-path <var>Path</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The location of <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> backup files. The default path is
              <filepath>/opt/serviced/var/backups</filepath> unless the value of the
              <varname>SERVICED_BACKUPS_PATH</varname> is set in the configuration file. For more
            information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>etc-path <var>Path</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The location of <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> configuration files. The default path is
              <filepath>/opt/serviced/etc</filepath>.</dd>
        </dlentry>        
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--keyfile <var>Path</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The path of a digital certificate key file. Choose a location that is not modified
            during operating system updates, such as <filepath>/etc</filepath>.</dd>
          <dd>This key file is used for all TLS-encrypted communications (RPC, mux, and HTTP). The
            default, insecure key file is created when the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> web server
            first starts, and is based on a public key that is compiled into
              <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>. </dd>
          <dd>The default value is
            <filepath><varname>$TMPDIR</varname>/zenoss_key.[0-9]+</filepath>, unless
              <varname>SERVICED_KEY_FILE</varname> is set in the configuration file. For more
            information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--certfile <var>Path</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The path of a digital certificate file. Choose a location that is not modified during
            operating system updates, such as <filepath>/etc</filepath>. Certificates with
            passphrases are not supported.</dd>
          <dd>This certificate file is used for all TLS-encrypted communications (RPC, mux, and
            HTTP). The default, insecure certificate file is created when the
              <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> web server first starts, and is based on a public
            certificate that is compiled into <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>. </dd>
          <dd>The default value is
              <filepath><varname>$TMPDIR</varname>/zenoss_cert.[0-9]+</filepath>, unless
              <varname>SERVICED_CERT_FILE</varname> is set in the configuration file. For more
            information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--zk <var>Host</var><delim>:</delim><var>Port</var>
              <delim>[</delim>--zk
              <var>Host</var><delim>:</delim><var>Port</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></dt>
          <dd>One or more ZooKeeper endpoints. If multiple endpoints are specified,
              <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> tries each in turn until it connects to a working server.
            The default may be set by <varname>SERVICED_ZK</varname> in the configuration file. For
            more information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd> 
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--mount <var>Option</var> 
            <delim>[</delim>--mount <var>Option</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></dt>
          <dd>One or more bind mounts for a container. The syntax for <varname>Option</varname> is
              <filepath>DOCKER_IMAGE,HOST_PATH[,CONTAINER_PATH]</filepath>.  </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--fstype <var>Driver</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The driver to manage application data storage on the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>
            master host. The default is <filepath>devicemapper</filepath> unless
              <varname>SERVICED_FS_TYPE</varname> is set in the configuration file. For more
            information, see the section about configuration file environment variables. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--alias <var>Alias</var>
            <delim>[</delim>--alias <var>Alias</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph>
          </dt>
          <dd>One or more DNS aliases to associate with a container. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--es-startup-timeout <var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The number of seconds to wait for Elasticsearch to complete its startup. The default
            value is 600 seconds (10 minutes).</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--max-container-age <var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The number of seconds <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> waits before removing a stopped
            container. The default value is 86400 seconds (24 hours), unless
              <varname>SERVICED_MAX_CONTAINER_AGE</varname> is set in the configuration file. For
            more information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--max-dfs-timeout <var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The number of seconds to wait for a snapshot to complete. The default value is 300
            seconds (5 minutes).</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--virtual-address-subnet <var>Subnet</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The private subnet for containers that use virtual IP addresses on a host. The default
            value is 10.3.0.0/16, unless <varname>SERVICED_VIRTUAL_ADDRESS_SUBNET</varname> is set
            in the configuration file. For more information, see the section about configuration
            file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--master-pool-id <var>Pool-ID</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The name of the resource pool to which the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> instance
            configured as master belongs. The default value of <varname>Pool-ID</varname>  is
              <codeph>default</codeph>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--admin-group <var>Group</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The name of the Linux group on the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> master host whose
            members are authorized to use the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> browser interface. The
            default is <codeph>wheel</codeph> unless <varname>SERVICED_ADMIN_GROUP</varname> is set
            in the configuration file. For more information, see the section about configuration
            file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt> --storage-opts<synph>
              <var>Option</var>
              <delim>[</delim>--storage-opts <var>Option</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></dt>
          <dd>Storage arguments to initialize the filesystem.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--isvcs-start<synph><var> Option</var>
              <delim>[--isvcs-start option</delim>
              <var>Option</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></dt>
          <dd>Enables one or more internal services to run on a delegate host. Currently, only
              <codeph>zookeeper</codeph> is supported. If <varname>SERVICED_ISVCS_START</varname> is
            set in the configuration file, its value is used. For more information, see the section
            about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--isvcs-zk-id <synph><var> Indentifier</var></synph>
          </dt>
          <dd>The unique identifier (a positive integer) of a ZooKeeper ensemble node. If
              <varname>SERVICED_ISVCS_ZOOKEEPER_ID</varname> is set in the configuration file, its
            value is used. For more information, see the section about configuration file
            environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--isvcs-zk-quorum <synph><var> Option</var>
            </synph>[--isvcs-zk-quorum <synph><var>
                Option</var><synph><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></synph></dt>
          <dd>The list of nodes in a ZooKeeper ensemble. If
              <varname>SERVICED_ISVCS_ZOOKEEPER_QUORUM</varname> is set in the configuration file,
            its value is used. For more information, see the section about configuration file
            environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--tls-ciphers <synph><var>Option</var>
              <delim>[</delim>--tls-ciphers <var>Option</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph>
          </dt>
          <dd>The list TLS ciphers that <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> accepts for HTTP traffic. If
              <varname>SERVICED_TLS_CIPHERS</varname> is set in the configuration file, its value is
            used. For more information, see the section about configuration file environment
            variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt> --tls-min-version <synph><var>Version</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The minimum version of TLS that <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> accepts for HTTP traffic.
            Valid values include the default, <codeph>VersionTLS11</codeph>, and
              <codeph>VersionTLS12</codeph>. If  <varname>SERVICED_TLS_MIN_VERSION</varname> is set
            in the configuration file, its value is used. For more information, see the section
            about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--report-stats</synph></dt>
          <dd>Enable reporting statistics in a container.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--host-stats <var>Host</var><delim>:</delim><var>Port</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The endpoint of the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> metrics consumer service. The default
            value of <varname>Host</varname> is the IP address of the master host, and the default
            value of <varname>Port</varname> is 8443. If <varname>SERVICED_STATS_PORT</varname> is
            set in the configuration file, its value is used instead of the default endpoint. For
            more information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--stats-period <var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The frequency, in seconds, at which delegates gather metrics to send to the
              <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> metrics consumer service on the master host. The default
            value of <varname>Duration</varname> is 10, unless
              <varname>SERVICED_STATS_PERIOD</varname> is set in the configuration file. For more
            information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--mc-username <var>User</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The username of the OpenTSDB account that MetricConsumer uses gain access to
            data stored by <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--mc-password <var>Password</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The password of the OpenTSDB account that MetricConsumer uses gain access to
            data stored by <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--cpuprofile</synph></dt>
          <dd>Instructs a container to write its CPU profile to a file.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--isvcs-env <var>Option</var>
            <delim>[</delim>--isvcs-env <var>Option</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></dt>
          <dd>Startup arguments to pass to internal services. The default value is no arguments,
            unless <varname>SERVICED_ISVCS_ENV_[0-9]+</varname> is set in the configuration file.
            For more information, see the section about configuration file environment
            variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--debug-port <var>Port</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The port on which <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> listens for HTTP requests for the <xref
              keyref="url-go-profiler">Go profiler</xref>. The default value of
              <varname>Port</varname> is 6006, unless <varname>SERVICED_DEBUG_PORT</varname> is set
            in the configuration file. To stop listening for requests, set the value to
              <codeph>-1</codeph>. For more information, see the section about configuration file
            environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--max-rpc-clients <var>Count</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The preferred maximum number of simultaneous connections a <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>
            delegate uses for RPC requests. The value is used to create a pool of sockets, which are
            reused as needed. Increasing the value increases the number of open sockets and the use
            of socket-related operating system resources.</dd>
          <dd>When the demand for connections exceeds the supply of open sockets,
              <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> opens more sockets. When demand eases,
              <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> reduces the number of open sockets to the preferred
            maximum.</dd>
          <dd>The default value is 3, unless <varname>SERVICED_MAX_RPC_CLIENTS</varname> is set in
            the configuration file. For more information, see
              <varname>SERVICED_MAX_RPC_CLIENTS</varname>  in the section about  configuration file
            environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--rpc-dial-timeout <var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The number of seconds <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> waits before giving up on
          attempts to connect to the RPC endpoint on the master host. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--rpc-cert-verify <synph><var>Value</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Determines whether <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> is enabled to perform TLS certificate
            verification for RPC connections. The default value is <filepath>false</filepath>
            (disabled) unless <varname>SERVICED_RPC_CERT_VERIFY</varname> is set in the
            configuration file. For more information, see the section about configuration file
            environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--rpc-disable-tls <synph><var>Value</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Determines whether <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> enabled to encrypt RPC traffic with
            TLS. The default value is <filepath>false</filepath> (disabled) unless
              <varname>SERVICED_RPC_DISABLE_TLS</varname> is set in the configuration file. For more
            information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--rpc-tls-ciphers <synph><var>Option</var>
              <delim>[</delim>--rpc-tls-ciphers<var>Option</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph></dt>
          <dd>The list of TLS ciphers <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> prefers for RPC connections. If
              <varname>SERVICED_RPC_TLS_CIPHERS</varname> is set in the configuration file, its
            value is used. For more information, see the section about configuration file
            environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--rpc-tls-min-version <synph><var>Version</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The minimum version of TLS <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> accepts for RPC connections.
            Valid values include the default, <filepath>VersionTLS11</filepath>, and
              <filepath>VersionTLS12</filepath>. The default value is <codeph>VersionTLS10</codeph>
            unless <varname>SERVICED_RPC_TLS_MIN_VERSION</varname> is set in the configuration file.
            For more information, see the section about configuration file environment
            variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--snapshot-ttl <synph><var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The number of hours an application data snapshot is retained before removal. The
            default value is 12 unless <varname>SERVICED_SNAPSHOT_TTL</varname> is set in the
            configuration file. For more information, see the section about configuration file
            environment variables. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--snapshot-space-percent <synph><var>Value</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The amount of free space in the thin pool, expressed as a percentage the total size.
            This value is used to determine whether the thin pool can hold a new snapshot. The
            default value is 20 unless <varname>SERVICED_SNAPSHOT_USE_PERCENT</varname> is set in
            the configuration file. For more information, see the section about configuration file
            environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt> --controller-binary <synph><var>Path</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The path to the container controller binary. The default is
              <filepath>/opt/serviced/bin/serviced-controller</filepath>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--log-driver <synph><var>file</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The log driver for all Docker container logs, including containers for <ph
              keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--log-config <var>Option</var>
              <delim>[</delim>--log-config<var>Option</var><delim>]</delim>&#8230;</synph>
          </dt>
          <dd>A list of Docker <codeph>--log-opt</codeph> options as
                <codeph><varname>key</varname>=<varname>value</varname></codeph> pairs.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--ui-poll-frequency <var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The number of seconds between polls from browser interface clients. The value is
            included in a JavaScript library that is sent to the clients. The default value is 3
            unless <varname>SERVICED_UI_POLL_FREQUENCY</varname> is set in the configuration file.
            For more information, see the section about configuration file environment
            variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--storage-stats-update-interval <synph><var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The frequency in seconds that the thin pool usage is analyzed. The default value is
            300 (five minutes) unless <varname>SERVICED_STORAGE_STATS_UPDATE_INTERVAL</varname> is
            set in the configuration file. For more information, see the section about configuration
            file environment variables. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>--zk-session-timeout <synph><var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The number of seconds the ZooKeeper leader waits before flushing an inactive
            connection. The default value is 15 unless
              <varname>SERVICED_ZK_SESSION_TIMEOUT</varname> is set in the configuration file. For
            more information, see the section about configuration file environment variables. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>auth-token-expiry</dt>
          <dd>The expiration time, in seconds, of delegate authentication tokens. The default value
            is 3600 (one hour) unless <varname>SERVICED_AUTH_TOKEN_EXPIRATION</varname> is set in
            the configuration file. For more information, see the section about configuration file
            environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--logtostderr</synph></dt>
          <dd>Write log messages to STDERR instead of the system log.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--alsologtostderr</synph></dt>
          <dd>Write log messages to STDERR as well as the system log.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--logstashurl
            <var>Host</var><delim>:</delim><var>Port</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The endpoint of the logstash service. The default value of <varname>Host</varname> is
            the IP address or hostname of the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> master host and the
            default value of <varname>Port</varname> is 5042. If
              <varname>SERVICED_LOG_ADDRESS</varname> is set in the configuration file, its value is
            used instead of the default endpoint. For more information, see the section about
            configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--logstash-es
            <var>Host</var><delim>:</delim><var>Port</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The endpoint of the logstash Elasticsearch service. The default value of
              <varname>Host</varname> is the IP address of the master host, and the default value of
              <varname>Port</varname> is 9100. If <varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_ES</varname> is set in
            the configuration file, its value is used instead of the default endpoint.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--logstash-max-days <var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The maximum number of days to keep application logs in the logstash database before
            purging them. The default value of <varname>Duration</varname> is 14, unless
              <varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_MAX_DAYS</varname> is set in the configuration file. When
            this argument and <codeph>--logstash-max-size</codeph> are used at the same time, both
            conditions are evaluated and enforced. For more information, see the section about
            configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--logstash-max-size <var>Quantity</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The maximum size of the logstash database, in gigabytes. When this argument and
              <codeph>--logstash-max-days</codeph> are used at the same time, both conditions are
            evaluated and enforced. The default value of <varname>Quantity</varname> is 10, unless
              <varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_MAX_SIZE</varname> is set in the configuration file. For
            more information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--logstash-cycle-time <var>Duration</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The amount of time between logstash purges, in hours. The default value is 6 unless
              <varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_CYCLE_TIME</varname> is set in the configuration file. For
            more information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--v <var>Level</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The log level <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> uses when writing to the system log. Valid
            values are <codeph>0</codeph> (normal) and <codeph>2</codeph> (debug). The default value
            is 0, unless <varname>SERVICED_LOG_LEVEL</varname> is set in the configuration file. For
            more information, see the section about configuration file environment variables.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--stderrthreshold <var>Level</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Write log messages at or above <varname>Level</varname> to STDERR, 
            in addition to the system log. The value of <varname>Level</varname> may be 
            0 (INFO), 1 (WARNING), 2 (ERROR), or 3 (FATAL). The default value is 2.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--vmodule</synph></dt>
          <dd>Module-specific logging. For more information, refer to 
            the <xref keyref="url-google-logging">Google Logging</xref> documentation.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--log_backtrace_at <var>File</var><delim>:</delim><var>Line</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Emit a stack trace when logging hits the specified line and file.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--config-file <var>Path</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>The path of the configuration file. The default is
              <filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--allow-loop-back <var>Value</var></synph></dt>
          <dd>Determines whether loop-back files can be used with the <codeph>devicemapper</codeph>
            storage driver. This option is not supported for production use.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <!-- 
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>- -generate-bash-completion</synph></dt>
          <dd></dd>
        </dlentry>
        -->
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph>--version</synph></dt>
          <dd>Display minimal version information about the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> binary. To
            display additional information, use the <cmdname>serviced version</cmdname>
            command.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><delim>&#91;</delim>--help<delim>|</delim>--h<delim>&#93;</delim></synph></dt>
          <dd>Display help information.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>    
    </section>
   
    <section>
      <title>COMMANDS</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>backup</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Copy all templates, services, and application data into a compressed
              <cmdname>tar</cmdname> archive file.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>config</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Report on the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> configuration.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>docker</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Docker administration commands.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><delim>[</delim><kwd>help</kwd><delim>|</delim><kwd>h</kwd><delim>]</delim></synph></dt>
          <dd>Display a global or command-specific help message.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>host</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Administer hosts.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>healthcheck</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Report on the health of <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>key</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Display the host's public key.</dd>
        </dlentry>      <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>log</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Administer logs.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>metric</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Administer metrics.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>pool</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Administer resource pools.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>restore</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Reconstruct templates, services, and application data from a compressed
              <cmdname>tar</cmdname> archive file created with <cmdname>backup</cmdname>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>script</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Verify or perform the commands in a script file.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>service</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Administer services.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>snapshot</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Administer snapshots.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>server</kwd></synph>
          </dt>
          <dd>Start <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>template</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Administer templates.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>version</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Display <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> version information.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><synph><kwd>volume</kwd></synph></dt>
          <dd>Administer volume data.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>    
    </section>
    
    <section>
      <title>INVOCATION</title>
      <p>Service (daemon) control commands include <cmdname>start</cmdname>, <cmdname>stop</cmdname>
        and <cmdname>reload</cmdname>. The <cmdname>reload</cmdname> command sends
          <codeph>SIGHUP</codeph> to the daemon, which restarts all internal services except
        ZooKeeper.</p>
             <codeblock>sudo systemctl [start|stop|reload] serviced</codeblock>
          </section>
       <section>
      <title>MISCELLANEOUS</title>
      <p>Sending <codeph>SIGUSR1</codeph> to the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>
        process toggles the log level between 0 and 2.</p>
      <p>To attach to a container running on a remote host, log in to the container from the
          <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> master host. If you are running a Linux shell on a delegate
        host, you can specify the <codeph>--endpoint</codeph> option in the
          <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> invocation.</p>
      <p><cmdname>serviced</cmdname> relies on Docker, and some administration
        procedures include <cmdname>docker</cmdname> commands. However, commands
        that manipulate containers directly, such as <codeph>docker pause</codeph>,
        should not be used when <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> is running. </p>
      <!--CC_2971-->
      <p>During installation, <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> creates the internal services directory on
        the master host, so <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> commands must be run <ph
          conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>. After the master host is added as a delegate,
          <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> commands use the delegate host authorization keys, so root is
        no longer required.</p>
    </section>
    
    <section>
      <title>ENVIRONMENT</title>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><varname>SERVICED_HOME</varname></dt>
          <dd>The install path of <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>. 
            The default value is <filepath>/opt/serviced</filepath>.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    
    <section>
      <title>FILES</title>
      <p><filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath></p>
    </section>
    
  </refbody>
</reference>
