<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Configuring and starting <ph keyref="nm-cc"/></title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>This procedure customizes key configuration variables of <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>.</context>
    <context>Perform this procedure on each resource pool host in your deployment.</context>
    <steps>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the resource pool host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Configure <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> as an agent of the master host.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p>The following variable configures <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> to serve as agent:</p>
          <dl>
            <dlentry conkeyref="feature-vars-file/SERVICED_MASTER">
              <dt/>
              <dd/>
            </dlentry>
          </dl>
          <p>In addition, replace <codeph>&#123;&#123;SERVICED_MASTER_IP&#125;&#125;</codeph> with
            <varname>HA-Virtual-IP</varname>, the virtual IP address of the high-availability cluster,
            in the following lines::</p>
          <sl>
            <sli><codeph># SERVICED_ZK={{SERVICED_MASTER_IP}}:2181</codeph></sli>
            <sli><codeph># SERVICED_DOCKER_REGISTRY={{SERVICED_MASTER_IP}}:5000</codeph></sli>
            <sli><codeph># SERVICED_ENDPOINT={{SERVICED_MASTER_IP}}:4979</codeph></sli>
            <sli><codeph># SERVICED_LOG_ADDRESS={{SERVICED_MASTER_IP}}:5042</codeph></sli>
            <sli><codeph># SERVICED_LOGSTASH_ES={{SERVICED_MASTER_IP}}:9100</codeph></sli>
            <sli><codeph># SERVICED_STATS_PORT={{SERVICED_MASTER_IP}}:8443</codeph></sli>
          </sl>
        </info>
        <substeps>
          <substep conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/open-file">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Find the <varname>SERVICED_AGENT</varname> declaration, and then change the value
              from <codeph>0</codeph> to <codeph>1</codeph>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>The following example shows the line to change:
              <codeblock># SERVICED_AGENT=0</codeblock></stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/uncomment">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Find the <varname>SERVICED_MASTER</varname> declaration, and then 
              remove the number sign character (<codeph>&#35;</codeph>) from the beginning of the line.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Globally replace <codeph>&#123;&#123;SERVICED_MASTER_IP&#125;&#125;</codeph> with
              the virtual IP address of the high-availability cluster (<varname>HA-Virtual-IP</varname>).</cmd>
            <info>
              <note>Remove the number sign character (&#35;) from the beginning of each variable
                declaration that includes the virtual IP address.</note>
            </info>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/save">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step importance="optional">
        <cmd>Specify an alternate private network for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>, if
          necessary.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> requires a 16-bit, private IPv4 network for virtual 
            IP addresses, independent of the private network used in a dual-NIC DRBD
            configuration. The default network is 10.3/16. If the default network is
            already in use in your environment, you may select any valid IPv4 16-bit 
            network.</p>
          <p>The following variable configures <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> to use
            an alternate network:</p>
          <dl>
            <dlentry conkeyref="feature-vars-file/SERVICED_VIRTUAL_ADDRESS_SUBNET">
              <dt/>
              <dd/>
            </dlentry>
          </dl>
        </info>
        <substeps>
          <substep conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/open-file">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Locate the <varname>SERVICED_VIRTUAL_ADDRESS_SUBNET</varname> declaration,
              and then change the value.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>The following example shows the line to change:
              <codeblock># SERVICED_VIRTUAL_ADDRESS_SUBNET=10.3</codeblock></stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/uncomment">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/save">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> service (<cmdname>serviced</cmdname>).</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl start serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <info>To monitor progress, open a separate window to the host,
          and then enter the following command:
          <codeblock>journalctl -flu serviced -o cat</codeblock>
        </info>
      </step>
      
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
