<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Verifying cluster startup</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>This procedure verifies the initial configuration
      by attempting to start the resources on one node only.
      With the other node in standby mode, Pacemaker does not 
      automatically fail over to the other node.</context>
    <steps>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the primary node
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>In a separate window, log in to the secondary node
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On the primary node, determine which node is the primary DRBD node.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs status</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Example result:
          <codeblock>Cluster name: serviced-ha
Last updated: Mon Feb 22 11:37:58 2016  Last change: Mon Feb 22 11:35:19 2016 by root via crm_attribute on <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname>
Stack: corosync
Current DC: <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname> (version 1.1.13-a14efad) - partition with quorum
2 nodes and 10 resources configured

Node <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname>: standby
Node <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname>: standby

Full list of resources:

 Master/Slave Set: DFSMaster [DFS]
 Stopped: [ <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname> <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname> ]
 Resource Group: serviced-group
     serviced-isvcs  (ocf::heartbeat:Filesystem):  Stopped
     serviced-volumes  (ocf::heartbeat:Filesystem):  Stopped
     serviced-lvm  (ocf::heartbeat:LVM):  Stopped
     serviced-storage  (ocf::zenoss:serviced-storage):  Stopped
     VirtualIP  (ocf::heartbeat:IPaddr2):  Stopped
     docker  (systemd:docker):  Stopped
     nfs  (systemd:nfs):  Stopped
     serviced  (ocf::zenoss:serviced):  Stopped

PCSD Status:
  <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname>: Online
  <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname>: Online

Daemon Status:
  corosync: active/disabled
  pacemaker: active/enabled
  pcsd: active/enabled</codeblock>
          <p>The line that begins with <codeph>Current DC</codeph> identifies the primary node.
          Review all of the command output for errors.</p>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start DRBD.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>On the secondary node, enter the following command:</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>drbdadm up all</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>On the primary node, enter the following commands:</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>drbdadm up all &#38;&#38; drbdadm primary serviced-dfs</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps> 
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start cluster resources.</cmd>
        <info>You can run <cmdname>pcs</cmdname> commands on either node.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs cluster unstandby <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Monitor the status of cluster resources.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>watch pcs status</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Monitor the status until all resources report <codeph>Started</codeph>. Resolve
          any issues before continuing.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
