<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Updating <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> on delegate hosts</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>This procedure updates <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> on
      delegate hosts to version <ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>.</context>
    <context>Perform this procedure on each delegate host in your deployment.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to a delegate host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Save the current <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> configuration file as a reference.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Rename the file.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>mv /etc/default/serviced /etc/default/serviced-pre-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Set permissions to read-only.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>chmod 0440 /etc/default/serviced-pre-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Install the new version of <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>yum install --enablerepo=zenoss-mirror \
  /opt/zenoss-repo-mirror/serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>-1.x86_64.rpm</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>If <cmdname>yum</cmdname> returns an error due to dependency issues, see
          <xref keyref="cc-feature-pkg-pkg"/> for potential resolutions.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Make a backup copy of the new configuration file.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Copy the file.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>cp /etc/default/serviced /etc/default/serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>-orig</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Set permissions to read-only.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>chmod 0440 /etc/default/serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>-orig</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Compare the new configuration file with the configuration file of the previous
          release.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Identify the configuration files to compare.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>ls -l /etc/default/serviced*</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The original versions of the configuration files
              should end with <codeph>orig</codeph>, but you may have to
              compare the dates of the files.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Compare the new and previous configuration files.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>New-Version</varname> with the name of
              the new configuration file, and replace <varname>Previous-Version</varname>
              with the name of the previous configuration file:
              <codeblock>diff <varname>New-Version</varname> <varname>Previous-Version</varname></codeblock>
              <p>For example, to compare versions 1.2.0 and <ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>,
                enter the following command:
                <codeblock>diff /etc/default/serviced-1.2.0-orig \
  /etc/default/serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>-orig</codeblock>
              </p>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the command returns no result, restore the backup of 
            the previous configuration file.
            <codeblock>cp /etc/default/serviced-pre-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/> \
  /etc/default/serviced &#38;&#38; chmod 0644 /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
          </choice>
          <choice>If the command returns a result, restore the backup of the previous configuration
            file, and then optionally, use the results to edit the restored version. <codeblock>cp /etc/default/serviced-pre-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/> \
  /etc/default/serviced &#38;&#38; chmod 0644 /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
            <p>For more information about configuring a delegate host, see <xref
              keyref="cc-upgrade-11x-vars"/>.</p>
          </choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
