<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Optional: Name resolution with /etc/hosts </title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to enable networking among virtual containers.
      This procedure is only necessary when name resolution relies solely on entries in
        <filepath>/etc/hosts</filepath>.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Open <filepath>/etc/dnsmasq.conf</filepath> with a text editor.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Locate the line that starts with <codeph>#domain-needed</codeph>, 
          and then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Remove the number sign character (<codeph>&#35;</codeph>) from the beginning of the line.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Locate the line that starts with <codeph>#bogus-priv</codeph>, 
          and then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Remove the number sign character (<codeph>&#35;</codeph>) from the beginning of the line.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Locate the line that starts with <codeph>#local=/localnet/</codeph>, 
          and then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Remove <codeph>net</codeph>, and then remove the number sign
          character (<codeph>&#35;</codeph>) from the beginning of the line.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Locate the line that starts with <codeph>#domain=example.com</codeph>, 
          and then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Replace <codeph>exmaple.com</codeph> with <codeph>local</codeph>, 
          and then remove the number sign character (<codeph>&#35;</codeph>)
          from the beginning of the line.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Save the file, and then close the editor.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Restart the <cmdname>dnsmasq</cmdname> service.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl restart dnsmasq</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
