<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="conceptid">
  <title>New features that affect upgrades from 1.1.x</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>This release includes new features and new requirements that affect the upgrade process.
        The following list provides an overview of the changes that are addressed during this
        upgrade.</p>
      <note><ph keyref="nm-rm"/> may require additional steps
        to prepare to use this release. For more information, refer to 
        <ph keyref="nm-rm"/> documentation.</note>
      <ul>
        <li>A new remote storage location is now required for audit logs. The default mount point is
          <filepath>/var/log/serviced</filepath>, and the default amount of space required is
          10GB. The master node upgrade process includes a procedure for ensuring that a remote
          storage location is configured.</li>
        <li>The Pacemaker resource agents are changed so that a master host does not fail over when
          <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> is unresponsive or its health checks are failing.</li>
        
        <li>When storage becomes critically low, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> initiates an <i>emergency
          shutdown</i> of applications and services while sufficient resources remain to take
          action to avoid data loss. This feature requires specific minimum amounts of
          space in the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> thin pool for application data. 
          <note>Before upgrading, determine whether the thin pool is adequate and if necessary,
            resize it. <ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-int"/>
            <xref keyref="cc-feature-storage-thinpool-minimums"/>.</note></li>
        <li>Previously, <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> recommended using the master host nodes for <ph
          keyref="nm-cc"/> services only. Starting with this release, <ph conkeyref="names/company"
          /> recommends using the master host nodes for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> services and for two
          database services. The services requires additional RAM and CPU resources. For more
          information about the amount of RAM and CPU resources to add to master host nodes, please
          contact your <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> representative.</li>
        
        <li>This release replaces Docker 1.9.0 with Docker Community Edition (CE) 17.03.1.</li>
        <li>The following new configuration variables are available in
          <filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath>, for tuning TCP/IP communications between
          ZooKeeper ensemble hosts and <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>: <sl>
            <sli><varname>SERVICED_ZK_CONNECT_TIMEOUT</varname></sli>
            <sli><varname>SERVICED_ZK_PER_HOST_CONNECT_DELAY</varname></sli>
            <sli><varname>SERVICED_ZK_RECONNECT_START_DELAY</varname></sli>
            <sli><varname>SERVICED_ZK_RECONNECT_MAX_DELAY</varname></sli>
          </sl>For more information, see <xref keyref="cc-feature-vars-file"/>.</li>
        <li>The <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> RPM package includes a script that adds the <codeph>serviced</codeph>
          user group to a host, if necessary. Users must be members of the <codeph>serviced</codeph>
          group to use the command-line interface. <ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-int"/>
          <xref keyref="cc-feature-access-access"/>.</li>
        <li>The minimum kernel version for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> hosts is
          <codeph>3.10.0-327.36.2</codeph>. For optimal results, the most recent kernel is recommended.
          To prevent dependency issues, updating the kernel or operating system is a step
          in the Docker update procedure.</li>
        <li>The <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> configuration file includes many new variables since
          version 1.1.1, and some deprecated variables. <ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-int"/>
          <xref keyref="cc-upgrade-11x-vars"/>.</li>
        <li>All delegate communications are authenticated. To enable this feature, all existing
          hosts must install unique credentials, which are generated on the master host. The
          installation steps are included in the startup procedures.</li>
        <li>With delegate authentication, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> can control administrative and DFS
          access permissions at the resource pool level. During the upgrade, all existing resource
          pools are given both administrative and DFS access permissions. The post-upgrade chapter
          includes an optional procedure for removing permissions from a resource pool.</li>
        <li>In previous releases, the <varname>SERVICED_NFS_CLIENT</varname> variable was set on
          delegate hosts to prevent access to the DFS. In this release,
            <varname>SERVICED_NFS_CLIENT</varname> is deprecated in favor of setting DFS access
          permission at the resource pool level. To ease the transition to the new functionality,
          delegate host configurations that include the <varname>SERVICED_NFS_CLIENT</varname>
          variable are still supported.</li>
        <li>This release includes a new resource pool feature, the ability to set the length of time
          the scheduler waits for a disconnected delegate host to rejoin its pool before moving the
          services scheduled for the delegate to a different host in the pool. This feature is
          useful for remote resource pools that are connected through a high-latency, wide-area
          network.</li>
        <li>Among other changes since version 1.9.0, Docker <ph keyref="lo-version-docker"/>
          includes a new storage subsystem. The initial startup takes a little longer, as the old
          layout is replaced with the new layout.</li>
      </ul>
      <p>For more information about this release, refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-notes"
        />.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
