<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Starting and registering a delegate using a file</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to start a delegate host after upgrading <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> to
      version <ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>. This procedure also includes steps to create a
      credentials file and to use the file to register the delegate.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the master host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Obtain the host ID of the delegate host to start and register.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the host IDs of all <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> hosts.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>serviced host list | cut -c-85</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Record the host ID of the delegate host.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create authentication credentials for the delegate host.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Host-ID</varname> with the host ID of 
          the delegate host identified in the preceding step:
          <codeblock>serviced key reset <varname>Host-ID</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>The command creates a unique credentials file in the local
          directory.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Use a file transfer utility such as <cmdname>scp</cmdname> to copy the credentials file
          to the delegate host.</cmd>
        <info>Once copied to the delegate host, the credentials file is not needed on the
          master host and can be deleted.</info>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> delegate 
          host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Determine whether <codeph>serviced</codeph> is configured to start
          when the system starts.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl is-enabled serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the result is <codeph>enabled</codeph>, proceed to the next step.</choice>
          <choice>If the result is <codeph>disabled</codeph>, enter the following command:
            <codeblock>systemctl enable serviced</codeblock>
          </choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-step/verify-cfg-settings">
        <cmd/>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>, and then monitor the startup.</cmd>
        <info>During this startup, <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> invokes <codeph>docker pull</codeph>
          to retrieve its updated images.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl start serviced &#38;&#38; journalctl -u serviced -f -o cat</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Do not proceed to the next step until the following message is displayed:
          <codeblock>Host Agent successfully started</codeblock>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Install the credentials.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Credentials-File</varname> with the pathname
          of the credentials file:
          <codeblock>serviced host register <varname>Credentials-File</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Delete the credentials file.</cmd>
        <info>The file is no longer needed on the delegate host.</info>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Credentials-File</varname> with the pathname
          of the credentials file:
          <codeblock>rm <varname>Credentials-File</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>

    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
