<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Starting and registering a delegate using SSH</title>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq id="prereq">To succeed, the following statements about the
      login account used to perform this procedure must be true:
      <ul>
        <li>The account exists on both the master host and on the delegate host.</li>
        <li>The account has <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> CLI privileges.</li>
        <li>The account has either public key authentication or password 
          authentication enabled on the master host and on the delegate host.</li>
      </ul>
    </prereq>
    <context>Use this procedure to start a delegate host after upgrading <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> to
      version <ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>. This procedure also includes steps to create and
      register the authentication credentials the delegate needs, through an SSH connection.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the delegate host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Determine whether <codeph>serviced</codeph> is configured to start
          when the system starts.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl is-enabled serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the result is <codeph>enabled</codeph>, proceed to the next step.</choice>
          <choice>If the result is <codeph>disabled</codeph>, enter the following command:
            <codeblock>systemctl enable serviced</codeblock>
          </choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify the settings in the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> configuration file.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>, and then monitor the startup.</cmd>
        <info>During this startup, <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> invokes <codeph>docker pull</codeph>
          to retrieve its updated images.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl start serviced &#38;&#38; journalctl -u serviced -f -o cat</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Do not proceed to the next step until the following message is displayed:
          <codeblock>Host Agent successfully started</codeblock>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Log out of the delegate host.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the master host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Obtain the host ID of the delegate host started previously.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the host IDs of all <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> hosts.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>serviced host list | cut -c-85</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Record the host ID of the delegate host.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create authentication credentials for the delegate host, and register the
          credentials.</cmd>
        <info>If the master and delegate host are configured for key-based access, the following
          command does not prompt you to add the delegate to the list of known hosts or to provide
          the password of the remote user account.</info>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Host-ID</varname> with the host ID of the delegate host started
          previously:
          <codeblock>serviced key reset --register <varname>Host-ID</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
