<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>New variables (since version 1.1.1)</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The variables in the following table were not
        present in version 1.1.1 and are present in version 1.2.0.
        The variables are shown in the order in which they appear in 
      <filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath>.</p>
    <table>
      <tgroup cols="2">
        <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Variable</entry>
            <entry>Purpose</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>TMPDIR</varname></entry>
            <entry>Replacement for <varname>TMP</varname>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_MASTER_IP</varname></entry>
            <entry>The IP address of the master host.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_MASTER_POOLID</varname></entry>
            <entry>The name of the resource pool to which the master host belongs.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><lines><varname>SERVICED_RPC_TLS_MIN_VERSION</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_RPC_TLS_CIPHERS</varname></lines>
            </entry>
            <entry>Additional options for encrypting RPC communications.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_UI_POLL_FREQUENCY</varname></entry>
            <entry>The frequency at which browser interface clients poll
              the server.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><lines><varname>SERVICED_MUX_DISABLE_TLS</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_MUX_TLS_MIN_VER</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_MUX_TLS_CIPHERS</varname></lines>
            </entry>
            <entry>Additional options for encrypting RPC communications.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><lines><varname>SERVICED_DM_ARGS</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_DM_BASESIZE</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_DM_LOOPDATASIZE</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_DM_LOOPMETADATASIZE</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_DM_THINPOOLDEV</varname></lines>
            </entry>
            <entry>Options for the <codeph>devicemapper</codeph> storage driver.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_STORAGE_STATS_UPDATE_INTERVAL</varname></entry>
            <entry>The number of seconds between polls of kernel statistics
              about the application data thin pool.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_CYCLE_TIME</varname></entry>
            <entry>The amount of time between logstash purges.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_SVCSTATS_CACHE_TIMEOUT</varname></entry>
            <entry>The lifetime of data in the browser interface cache
              for statistics about services.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_NFS_CLIENT</varname></entry>
            <entry>DEPRECATED: Prevent a delegate host from mounting the DFS.
              In version 1.2.0, delegate host access to the DFS is controlled 
              through resource pool permissions.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_DOCKER_DNS</varname></entry>
            <entry>The Docker DNS configuration for containers.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_SNAPSHOT_USE_PERCENT</varname></entry>
            <entry>The amount of free space in the application data thin pool,
            used to determine whether the pool can store a new snapshot.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_ZK_SESSION_TIMEOUT</varname></entry>
            <entry>The number of seconds the ZooKeeper leader waits before flushing
              an inactive connection.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_ES_STARTUP_TIMEOUT</varname></entry>
            <entry>The number of seconds to wait for the Elasticsearch service to start.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_RPC_DIAL_TIMEOUT</varname></entry>
            <entry>The number of seconds until an RPC connection attempt times out.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_AUTH_TOKEN_EXPIRATION</varname></entry>
            <entry>The lifetime of a delegate host revocation certificate.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_CONTROLLER_BINARY</varname></entry>
            <entry>The path of the <cmdname>serviced-controller</cmdname> binary.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_HOME</varname></entry>
            <entry>The path of the home directory for <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_ETC_PATH</varname></entry>
            <entry>The path of the directory for <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>
              configuration files.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
