<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="conceptid">
  <title>New features that affect upgrades</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>This release includes new features and new requirements that affect the upgrade process.
        The following list provides an overview of the changes that are addressed during this
        upgrade.</p>
      <ul>
        <li>RHEL/CentOS 7.4 is added; RHEL/CentOS 7.1 is withdrawn.
          The upgrade process includes a step for updating the operating system.</li>
        <li>On RHEL/CentOS 7.4, there may be a file locking defect in NFS 4.1. To
          avoid the issue, delegate hosts are configured to use NFS 4.0.</li>
        <li>The <cmdname>serviced-zenossdbpack</cmdname> maintenance
          script is moved from <filepath>/etc/cron.weekly</filepath> to
          <filepath>/opt/serviced/bin</filepath> and a new <cmdname>cron</cmdname> job,
          <filepath>/etc/cron.d/cron_zenossdbpack</filepath>, is installed to
          invoke the maintenance script. By default, the script runs every Sunday at midnight.</li>
        <li>The upgrade (and install) process now requires downloading packages from
          <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> manually. The required software and images
          are no longer available from the online <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> 
          repository or Docker Hub. <ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-int"/>
          <xref keyref="cc-feature-download-intro-upgrade"/>. 
          <p>The packages to download include a <codeph>yum</codeph> repository mirror that
            contains the required dependencies of Docker CE and <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>. An 
            operating system or kernel upgrade can install newer versions of the dependencies
            included in the mirror, and when you attempt to upgrade Docker CE or
            <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>, <cmdname>yum</cmdname> will stop when it finds
            the newer versions. A new appendix in this document includes workarounds for
            the most common dependency conflicts.</p>
        </li>
        
        <li>This release includes a new feature, <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> and application audit
          logging. <b>By default, audit logging requires 10GB of storage on the master host.</b> The
          upgrade process includes a procedure for adding space to the master host, if necessary.
          For more information about audit logging, refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-ref"
          />.</li>
        
        <li>A new configuration variable, <varname>SERVICED_LOG_PATH</varname>,
          sets the location for audit logs. The default location is <filepath>/var/log/serviced</filepath>.</li>
        
        <li>This release replaces Docker 1.12.1 with Docker Community Edition (CE) 17.09.0.</li>
        
        <li>The following new configuration variables are available in
            <filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath>, for tuning TCP/IP communications between
          ZooKeeper ensemble hosts and <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>: <sl>
            <sli><varname>SERVICED_ZK_CONNECT_TIMEOUT</varname></sli>
            <sli><varname>SERVICED_ZK_PER_HOST_CONNECT_DELAY</varname></sli>
            <sli><varname>SERVICED_ZK_RECONNECT_START_DELAY</varname></sli>
            <sli><varname>SERVICED_ZK_RECONNECT_MAX_DELAY</varname></sli>
          </sl>For more information, see <xref keyref="cc-feature-vars-file"/>.</li>
        
        <li>The <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> RPM package includes a script that adds the <codeph>serviced</codeph>
          user group to a host, if necessary. Users must be members of the <codeph>serviced</codeph>
        group to use the command-line interface. <ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-int"/>
        <xref keyref="cc-feature-access-access"/>.</li>
      </ul>
      <p>For more information about this release, refer
        to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-notes"/>.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
