<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Defining the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> resource group</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>The resources in a resource group are started in the order they appear in the group, and
        stopped in the reverse order they appear in the group. The start order is:</p>
      <ol>
          <li>Mount the filesystems (<codeph>serviced-isvcs</codeph>
            and <codeph>serviced-volumes</codeph>)</li>
          <li>Start the <codeph>serviced</codeph> logical volume.</li>
        <li>Manage <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> storage.</li>
        <li>Enable the virtual IP address of the cluster.</li>
          <li>Start Docker.</li>
          <li>Start NFS.</li>
          <li>Start <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>.</li>
        </ol>
      <p>In the event of a failover, Pacemaker stops the resources on the failed node in the reverse
        order they are defined before starting the resource group on the standby node.</p>
    </context>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the primary node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> resource group.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs resource group add serviced-group \
  serviced-isvcs serviced-volumes \
  serviced-lvm serviced-storage \
  VirtualIP docker nfs \
  serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Define constraints for the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> resource group.</cmd>
        <info>Pacemaker resource constraints control when and where resources are deployed in a
          cluster.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Ensure that <codeph>serviced-group</codeph> runs on the same node as
              <codeph>DFSMaster</codeph>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>pcs constraint colocation add serviced-group with DFSMaster \
  INFINITY with-rsc-role=Master</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Ensure that <codeph>serviced-group</codeph> is only started after 
              <codeph>DFSMaster</codeph> is started.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>pcs constraint order promote DFSMaster then \
  start serviced-group</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
