<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Configuring NTP clients</title>
  <prolog>
    <source href="http://www.borngeek.com/2008/04/03/using-ntp-on-a-private-network/"
      scope="external" format="html" />
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>Use this procedure to configure a delegate hosts to synchronize its clocks with the NTP server on
        the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host. Perform this procedure only if the hosts do not have
        internet access. Repeat this procedure on each delegate host in your <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 
        cluster.</p>
      <note>On VMware vSphere guests, before performing this procedure,disable time synchronization
        between guest and host operating systems.</note>
    </context>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> delegate 
          host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create a backup of the NTP configuration file.</cmd>
        <stepxmp><codeblock>cp -p /etc/ntp.conf /etc/ntp.conf.orig</codeblock></stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Edit the NTP configuration file./</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Open <filepath>/etc/ntp.conf</filepath> with a text editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Replace all of the lines in the file with the following lines:</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock># Point to the master time server
server MASTER_ADDRESS

restrict default ignore
restrict 127.0.0.1
restrict MASTER_ADDRESS mask 255.255.255.255 nomodify notrap noquery

driftfile /var/lib/ntp/drift</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Replace both instances of <codeph>MASTER_ADDRESS</codeph> with the IPv4 address
              of the host where the NTP server is running (the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host).</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Save the file and exit the editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Stop <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>.</cmd>
        <stepxmp><codeblock>systemctl stop serviced</codeblock></stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Synchronize the clock with the master server.</cmd>
        <stepxmp><codeblock>ntpd -gq</codeblock></stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Enable and start the NTP daemon.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Enable the <cmdname>ntpd</cmdname> daemon.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl enable ntpd</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Configure <cmdname>ntpd</cmdname> to start when the system starts.</cmd>
            <info>Currently, an unresolved issue associated with NTP
              prevents <cmdname>ntpd</cmdname> from restarting correctly after a reboot, 
              and the following commands provide a workaround to ensure that it does. </info>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>echo "systemctl start ntpd" >> /etc/rc.d/rc.local
chmod +x /etc/rc.d/rc.local</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Start <cmdname>ntpd</cmdname>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp><codeblock>systemctl start ntpd</codeblock></stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>.</cmd>
        <stepxmp><codeblock>systemctl start serviced</codeblock></stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>














