<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Downloading files for offline installation</title>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>To perform this procedure, you need:
      <ul>
        <li>A workstation with internet access.</li>
        <li>Permission to download the required files from the <xref keyref="url-leapfile">File
          Portal - Download Zenoss Enterprise Software</xref> site. You may request permission by
          filing a ticket at <ph conkeyref="names/support-site"/>.</li>
      </ul></prereq>
    <context>Use this procedure to download installation files to your workstation.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>In a web browser, navigate to the <xref keyref="url-leapfile">File 
          Portal - Download Zenoss Enterprise Software</xref> site.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in with the account provided by <ph conkeyref="names/support"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Download Docker image files to your workstation.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <p>Replace <varname>Version</varname> with the most recent 
            version number available on the download page:</p>
          <ul> 
            <li><filepath>install-zenoss-isvcs-zookeeper:v<varname>Version</varname>.run</filepath></li>
            <li><filepath>install-zenoss-serviced-isvcs:v<varname>Version</varname>.run</filepath></li>
          </ul>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Download the RHEL/CentOS mirror package for the target host.</cmd>
        <info>Choose the mirror package
          that matches the RHEL/CentOS release on the host.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <p>Replace <varname>Version</varname> with the most recent version number available on the
            download page, and replace <varname>Release</varname> with the version of 
            RHEL/CentOS on the host:</p>
          <codeblock>yum-mirror-centos7.<varname>Release</varname>-<varname>Version</varname>.x86_64.rpm</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Use a secure copy program to copy the files to the target host.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
