<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Application details</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The application details page includes controls for and information about the application. </p>
      <p>For the <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> application, you can view service logs, edit
        services, edit variables, and start or stop the application. Details include public
        endpoints, IP assignments, configuration files, services associated with the application,
        and instances of the application.</p>
      <p>In the <uicontrol>Public Endpoints</uicontrol> area, you can search for and add public
        endpoints. The table lists public endpoint information for the services that are associated
        with the application. You can start, stop, and delete service public endpoints. </p>
      <p>The <uicontrol>Instances</uicontrol> area lists information about each instance of the
        application. You can search for an instance, access the host, view logs, and restart an
        instance.</p>
      <p>Graphs visually represent the following information about the application: <ul>
          <li>CPU usage by the system and users</li>
          <li>Memory usage (total RSS and cache)</li>
          <li>DFS usage</li>
          <li>Network usage</li>
          <li>Open connection information</li>
        </ul>For more information, see <xref keyref="cc-feature-manage-emer-sdown-overview"/> and
          <xref keyref="cc-feature-manage-rolling-restart-overview"/>.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>

