<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Host details</title>
  
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The details page for a host displays information about the specific machine that is
        assigned to a resource pool. </p>
      <p>You can edit the host name and RAM limit, and reset the host's authentication keys and
        generate a new key pair. When you reset keys, services that are running on the host cannot
        connect until you register the new keys by using the <cmdname>serviced host
          register</cmdname> command.</p>
      <p>The graph shows memory usage for the entire system, (all Docker containers and all other
        services that are running on the system).</p>
      <note><ph id="host-memory">The memory values in the hosts table on the
            <uicontrol>Hosts</uicontrol> page differ from those in the <uicontrol>Memory
            Usage</uicontrol> graph on the host details page. The table shows memory usage for the
          Docker containers only. The graph shows total system memory usage for Docker containers
          and all services that are running on the system.</ph></note>
      <p>The graphs show dynamic information about the host's CPU usage, memory usage (free,
        buffers, cached, and used), load average, and other details. In a graph, you can filter the
        information that is displayed. For example, in the <uicontrol>Memory Usage</uicontrol>
        graph, click <uicontrol>Used</uicontrol> to hide used memory, and then click it again to
        display used memory. You can edit the graph settings to change the time range, whether the
        graph shows the sum or the average, and the refresh frequency. </p>
      <p>Below the graphs, the page displays IP information and information about service instances.
        You can search each table for specify IP or service information.</p>
      
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>

