<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="conceptid">
  <title>Upgrade best practices</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The following list outlines recommended best practices for
        upgrading <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> deployments:</p>
      <ol>
        <li>Download a copy of the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-notes"/> for 
          this release and review its contents. The latest information
          is included in that document.</li>

        <li>On delegate hosts, most of the upgrade steps are identical. Use <cmdname>tmux</cmdname>,
            <cmdname>screen</cmdname>, or a similar program to establish sessions on each delegate
          host and perform the steps at the same time.</li>

        <li>Review and verify the settings in delegate host configuration files
          (<filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath>) before starting the upgrade.
          Ideally, the settings on all delegate hosts are identical, except on 
          ZooKeeper nodes and delegate hosts that do not mount the DFS.</li>
        
        <li>Review the procedures in this guide before performing them. Every effort is made to
          avoid mistakes and anticipate needs; nevertheless, the instructions may be incorrect or
          inadequate for some requirements or environments.</li>
        
        <li><b><ph conkeyref="names/company"/> customers:</b> Download and stage files for offline
          upgrades, if necessary. <ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-int"/>
          <xref keyref="upgrade-maps-offline"/>. Also, this guide does not support upgrades of
          high-availability deployments.</li>
      </ol>
      
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
