<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>New configuration options since version 1.1.1</title>
  <refbody>
    <table>
      <tgroup cols="2">
        <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Variable</entry>
            <entry>Purpose</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry><lines><varname>SERVICED_MUX_DISABLE_TLS</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_MUX_TLS_CIPHERS</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_MUX_TLS_MIN_VER</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_RPC_TLS_CIPHERS</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_RPC_TLS_MIN_VERSION</varname></lines>
            </entry>
            <entry>Additional options for encrypting mux and RPC communications.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_AUTH_TOKEN_EXPIRATION</varname></entry>
            <entry>The lifetime of a delegate host revocation certificate.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_CYCLE_TIME</varname></entry>
            <entry>The amount of time between logstash purges.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_SNAPSHOT_USE_PERCENT</varname></entry>
            <entry>The amount of free space in the application data thin pool,
            used to determine whether the pool can store a new snapshot.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_SVCSTATS_CACHE_TIMEOUT</varname></entry>
            <entry>The lifetime of data in the browser interface cache
              for statistics about services.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_UI_POLL_FREQUENCY</varname></entry>
            <entry>The frequency at which browser interface clients poll
            the server.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><lines><varname>SERVICED_ISVCS_PATH</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_VOLUMES_PATH</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_BACKUPS_PATH</varname></lines>
            </entry>
            <entry>Refinements of <varname>SERVICED_VARPATH</varname>, which is deprecated.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_ZK_SESSION_TIMEOUT</varname></entry>
            <entry>The number of seconds the ZooKeeper leader waits before flushing
              an inactive connection.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_MASTER_IP</varname></entry>
            <entry>The IP address of the master host.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_MASTER_POOLID</varname></entry>
            <entry>The name of the resource pool to which the master host belongs.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </refbody>
</reference>
