<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Adding a delegate host through an SSH connection</title>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>To succeed, the following statements about the
      login account used to perform this procedure must be true:
      <ul>
        <li>The account exists on both the master host and on the delegate host.</li>
        <li>The account has <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> CLI privileges.</li>
        <li>The account has either public key authentication or password 
          authentication enabled on the master host and on the delegate host.</li>
      </ul>
    </prereq>
    <context>Use this procedure to add a delegate host to a resource pool through an SSH
      connection.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master
          host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-serviced"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step importance="optional">
        <cmd>Create a new resource pool:</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the names of the existing resource pools.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>serviced pool list</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a new resource pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Resource-Pool</varname> with the name of a new resource pool:
              <codeblock>serviced pool add <varname>Resource-Pool</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep importance="optional">
            <cmd>Set permissions on the new resource pool, if desired.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Resource-Pool</varname> with the name of the new resource
              pool:
              <codeblock>serviced pool set-permission --dfs=true --admin=true <varname>Resource-Pool</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Add a delegate host to a resource pool.</cmd>
        <info>If the master and delegate host are configured for key-based access, the following
          command does not prompt you to add the delegate to the list of known hosts or to provide
          the password of the remote user account.</info>
        <info id="host-or-ip">Use the hostname or IP address to identify a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
          cluster host. If you use a hostname, all hosts in the cluster must be able to resolve it,
          either through an entry in <filepath>/etc/hosts</filepath> or through a nameserver on the
          network. In the following example, replace <varname>Hostname-Or-IP</varname> with the
          hostname or IP address of a delegate host, and replace <varname>Resource-Pool</varname>
          with the name of a resource pool.</info>
        <info>
          <p conkeyref="cc-feature-cli-serviced-host/NAT"/>
        </info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>serviced host add --register <varname>Hostname-Or-IP</varname>:4979 <varname>Resource-Pool</varname> \
    <ph conkeyref="cc-feature-cli-serviced-host/nat-address-port"/></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>














