<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Adding a delegate host using a file</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to add a delegate host to a resource
      pool by using a key bundle file.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master
          host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-serviced"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step importance="optional">
        <cmd>Create a new resource pool, if desired.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the names of the existing resource pools.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>serviced pool list</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a new resource pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Resource-Pool</varname> with the name of a new resource pool:
              <codeblock>serviced pool add <varname>Resource-Pool</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Add a delegate host to a resource pool.</cmd>
        <info>You can use a hostname or an IP address to identify a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
          cluster host. If you use a hostname, all of the hosts in your cluster must be 
          able to resolve it, either through an entry in <filepath>/etc/hosts</filepath>
          or through a nameserver on the network.</info>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Hostname-Or-IP</varname> with the hostname
          or IP address of a delegate host, and replace <varname>Resource-Pool</varname>
          with the name of a resource pool:
          <codeblock>serviced host add <varname>Hostname-Or-IP</varname>:4979 <varname>Resource-Pool</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>The command creates a unique key bundle file in the local
          directory.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Use a file transfer utility such as <cmdname>scp</cmdname> to copy the key bundle file
          to the delegate host.</cmd>
        <info>Once copied to the delegate host, the key bundle file is not needed on the
        master host and can be deleted.</info>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> delegate 
          host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-serviced"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Install the key bundle.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Key-Bundle-Path</varname> with the pathname
          of the key bundle file:
          <codeblock>serviced host register <varname>Key-Bundle-Path</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Delete the key bundle file.</cmd>
        <info>The file is no longer needed on the delegate host.</info>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Key-Bundle-Path</varname> with the pathname
          of the key bundle file:
          <codeblock>rm <varname>Key-Bundle-Path</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>













