<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Changing the local Docker registry endpoint</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to configure the delegate host with the endpoint of the local Docker
      registry. Unless the master host is configured with an alternative local Docker registry,
      which is rare, the endpoint is the master host's hostname or IP address and port 5000. <p>The
        following configuration variable identifies the local Docker registry endpoint:<dl>
          <dlentry conkeyref="cc-feature-vars-file/SERVICED_DOCKER_REGISTRY">
            <dt/>
            <dd/>
          </dlentry>
        </dl>
      </p>
      <p>Perform these steps:</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the delegate host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Edit the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> configuration file.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/open-file"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Locate the line for the <varname>SERVICED_DOCKER_REGISTRY</varname> variable, and 
              then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/uncomment"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Replace <codeph>localhost:5000</codeph> with the endpoint of the local Docker
              registry.</cmd>
            <info>If the master host is configured with an alternative local Docker registry, use
              the same endpoint here. Otherwise, just replace <codeph>localhost</codeph> with the IP
              address or hostname of the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host.</info>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/save"><cmd/></substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify the settings.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Add the insecure registry flag to the Docker configuration file.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Open <filepath>/etc/sysconfig/docker</filepath> in a text editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add the local Docker registry endpoint to the end of the <varname>OPTIONS</varname>
              declaration.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Registry-Endpoint</varname> with the same value used for the
                  <varname>SERVICED_DOCKER_REGISTRY</varname> variable:
              <codeblock>--insecure-registry=<varname>Registry-Endpoint</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <info>
              <note>Use a space character (<codeph>&#32;</codeph>) to separate flags, and make sure
                the double quote character (<codeph>&#34;</codeph>) delimits the declaration of
                  <varname>OPTIONS</varname>.</note>
            </info>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/save"><cmd/></substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Restart the Docker service.</cmd>
        <stepxmp><codeblock>systemctl restart docker</codeblock></stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
