<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>New features</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 1.2.0 introduces enhancements in the following functional areas:</p>
      <ul id="ul_nqp_3xf_xx">
        <li><b>Security</b><p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> generates keys used by delegate hosts to
            authenticate. Flags control the level of access by authorized hosts to system functions,
            the TCP multiplexer, the REST API, and the network file system (NFS). For more
            information, see the "Configuring and starting delegate hosts" chapter in the <cite
              conkeyref="pubs/cite-install"/> and the "Updating hosts for authentication" section in
            the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-upgrade"/>.</p></li>
        <li><b>Performance</b><p>A single <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master supports up to 100 collector
            pools and their associated services. Service providers or enterprises with many remote
            sites can have a collector for each customer or remote site that their application
            instance manages.</p><p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> now stops/starts/restarts services
            asynchronously, scheduling them in the background, which improves the speed of these
            operations, especially in large-scale environments. If you need synchronous scheduling
            in a script, you can specify a new command line flag <codeph>--sync</codeph> or
              <codeph>-s</codeph> when invoking <codeph>serviced service
              [stop|start|restart]</codeph>.</p></li>
        <li><b>Storage</b><p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> introduces a new <codeph>serviced-storage</codeph>
            command as part of a required storage management utility for creating the Docker thin
            pool and creating and managing the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> application data thin pool. You
            can now create thin pools in an existing volume group as well as creating a thin pool
            against devices with a limited size, allowing expansion without adding more physical
            disks. For more information, see the "Storage management utility" appendix in the <cite
              conkeyref="pubs/cite-install"/>.</p></li>
        <li><b>Browser interface</b><p>The following improvements have been introduced to the <ph
              keyref="nm-cc"/> browser interface:<ul id="ul_fdk_hjg_xx">
              <li>Table searching and filtering</li>
              <li>Improved service tree loading. The tree starts out collapsed and can be expanded
                as needed.</li>
              <li>User's time zone can be set.</li>
              <li>WAN timeout value can be set on the Resource Pool Detail page. This value is the
                time the system will wait for disconnected worker nodes to rejoin a particular pool
                before moving services to another host in the pool. For more information, see the
                  <codeph>serviced pool</codeph> command in the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-ref"
                />.</li>
            </ul></p></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    
  </refbody>
</reference>
