<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Deploying multiple instances of an
    <?oxy_comment_start author="rpowell" timestamp="20160913T171223-0500" comment="Obsolete topic 9-13-16.Checked with Summer about whether this topic is valid for Hoth. She said it is not, therefore, removed from ditamap."?>application<?oxy_comment_end?></title>
  <taskbody>
    <context><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cannot deploy more than one instance of an application that
      includes virtual host names unless the virtual host names are unique. Follow this procedure to
      modify an application service template and deploy multiple instances of an
      application.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host as <codeph>root</codeph>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Change directory to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> templates directory and copy the
          application service template file to be modified. Replace <varname>App-Template</varname>
          and <varname>App-Template-Copy</varname> with the names of your original and new
          files.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>cd /opt/serviced/templates
cp <varname>App-Template</varname>.json <varname>App-Template-Copy</varname>.json</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use a text editor to make the following changes to the new template file:</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep importance="optional">
            <cmd>Change the value of <codeph>Name</codeph> on line 3.</cmd>
            <info>This change differentiates application service templates.</info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Change the values of the defined <codeph>VHosts</codeph> fields in all subservice
                <codeph>Endpoints</codeph> objects.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> to add the modified template. </cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>serviced template add <varname>App-Template-Copy</varname>.json</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> browser interface and deploy the new
          application.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
