<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
 
  <!--  CC_3299 --><title>Using <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> with a NAT device</title>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_ggr_ccr_dz">
      <p>Network address translation (NAT) enables one device (a router, switch, or firewall) to
        connect a local area network with the internet and outside devices. The NAT device forwards
        traffic to the intended host, and serves as a firewall to systems that are behind the
        device, making them inaccessible from outside the network.</p>
      <p>In a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> system without a NAT device, the master host connects directly to
        the delegate host's <apiname>address:rpcport</apiname> and requests host information.</p>
      <p>When the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host is outside the network, it can connect to the NAT
        device, but cannot access delegate hosts behind the device because they have private IP
        addresses. The NAT device forwards its port to the delegate hosts'
          <apiname>address:rpcport</apiname>.</p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_ilt_kfr_dz">
      <p>When you add a delegate host by using either <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> interface (browser or
        command-line) you must specify the hostname or IP address and port for the NAT device. After
        you add delegate hosts, you must transfer host keys to the delegate hosts and register
        them.</p>
      <p>The <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host always attempts registration on port 22. If the NAT
        device forwards port 22 to the delegate host that you are registering, you can remotely
        register the keys. </p>
      <codeblock>serviced host add <varname>Hostname-Or-IP</varname>:<varname>Host-Port</varname> \
    <ph conkeyref="cc-feature-cli-serviced-host/nat-address-port"/> \
    [–register]</codeblock>
    </section>
    <section id="section_okz_m2r_dz">If you have two delegates behind the NAT device, change the
      port forwarding for port 22 between adding the hosts, or transfer the keys file manually to
      and register from each delegate.<p>When resetting keys, the CLI supports the
          <cmdname>--nat-address</cmdname> argument. If the delegate is behind a NAT device and port
        22 is forwarded to that delegate, you can attempt to register the delegate when resetting
        the key:
        </p><codeblock>serviced key reset <varname>Hostname-Or-IP</varname>:<varname>Host-Port</varname> --register \ 
    <ph conkeyref="cc-feature-cli-serviced-host/nat-address-port"/></codeblock><title>Example:
        Adding delegate hosts to a resource pool</title><p>The master host is outside the network.
        Delegate hosts delegate1 and delegate2 are behind a NAT router. IP address and port
        information is as follow:<ul id="ul_x55_krr_dz">
          <li>NAT router: 192.0.2.0</li>
          <li>Delegate1: 198.51.100.0:4979</li>
          <li>Delegate2: 203.0.113.0:4979</li>
        </ul></p><p>The router forwards port 4979 to delegate1's RPC port (4979):
        <codeblock>serviced host add 198.51.100.0:<b>4979</b> <varname>Resource-Pool</varname> \
    --nat-address=192.0.2.0:<b>4979</b></codeblock></p><p>The router forwards port 4980 to delegate2's RPC port
        (4979):<codeblock>serviced host add 203.0.113.0:<b>4979</b> <varname>Resource-Pool</varname> \
    --nat-address=192.0.2.0:<b>4980</b> </codeblock></p></section>
    <section id="section_pyj_s2r_dz">
      <title>Security considerations for using <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>with a NAT device</title>
      <p>To attach to a service on a delegates behind the NAT device, you must use ssh to access the
        delegate. From the delegate host, run <cmdname>serviced service attach</cmdname>. For
        security reasons, you cannot use <cmdname>serviced service attach</cmdname> from the master
        to connect to a delegate. </p>
      <p>In the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> browser interface, for security reasons, you cannot drill down
        to a service that is running on a delegate behind a NAT device and click
          <uicontrol>Container Log</uicontrol> for the instance</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
