<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Removing orphaned snapshot devices</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to identify orphaned snapshot devices
    in the LVM thin pool for application data, and to remove them.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the master host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Identify the location of tenant volumes.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED_VOLUMES_PATH' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the command returns a result, the location of tenant
            volumes is the value of the <varname>SERVICED_VOLUMES_PATH</varname> 
            variable. </choice>
          <choice>If the command does not return a result, the location of tenant
            volumes is the default value of <varname>SERVICED_VOLUMES_PATH</varname>,
            <filepath>/opt/serviced/var/volumes</filepath>.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Identify the device of the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool belongs.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>ls /dev/mapper | grep serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Example result:
          <codeblock>serviced-serviced--pool
serviced-serviced--pool_tdata
serviced-serviced--pool_tmeta</codeblock>
        <p>The first result is the thin pool device. The other results 
          represent the data and metadata portions of the device.</p>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Check for orphaned snapshot devices.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname> with the name of the thin pool device
          from the previous step, and replace <varname>Volumes-Path</varname> with the location of
          tenant volumes:
          <codeblock>serviced-storage -o dm.thinpooldev=/dev/mapper/<varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname> \
  check <varname>Volumes-Path</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the result is <codeph>No orphaned devices found</codeph>,
          stop. There are no orphaned snapshot devices to remove.</choice>
          <choice>If the result is <codeph>Orphaned devices were found</codeph>,
            perform the next step.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Remove orphaned snapshot devices.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname> with the name of the thin pool device
          from the previous step, and replace <varname>Volumes-Path</varname> with the location of
          tenant volumes:
          <codeblock>serviced-storage -o dm.thinpooldev=/dev/mapper/<varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname> \
  check -c <varname>Volumes-Path</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
