<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Starting <ph keyref="nm-cc"/></title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to start <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> in a high-availability deployment. The
      default configuration of the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> service (<cmdname>serviced</cmdname>) is to
      start when the host starts. This procedure is only needed after stopping
        <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> to perform maintenance tasks.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the primary node
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
        <info>In this context, the primary node is the node that was the current node when 
          you stopped <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>.</info>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Take the cluster out of standby mode.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs cluster unstandby --all</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Monitor the status of cluster resources.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>watch pcs status</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Monitor the status until all resources report <codeph>Started</codeph>. Resolve
          any issues before continuing.</stepresult>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Identify the hosts in the ZooKeeper ensemble.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED_ZK=' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>The result is a list of 1, 3, or 5 hosts, separated by the comma character
            (<codeph>&#44;</codeph>). The master host is always a node in the ZooKeeper
          ensemble.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>In separate windows, log in to each of the delegate hosts
          that are nodes in the ZooKeeper ensemble <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On all ensemble hosts, start <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</cmd>
        <info>The window of time for starting a ZooKeeper ensemble is 
          relatively short. The goal of this step is to start
          <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> on each ensemble node at about the 
          same time, so that each node can participate in electing
          the leader.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl start serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On the master host, check the status of the ZooKeeper ensemble.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Attach to the container of the ZooKeeper service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>docker exec -it serviced-isvcs_zookeeper bash</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Query the master host and identify its role in the ensemble.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Master</varname> with the hostname or IP address of the master host:
              <codeblock>{ echo stats; sleep 1; } | nc <varname>Master</varname> 2181 | grep Mode</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The result includes <codeph>leader</codeph> or
              <codeph>follower</codeph>. When multiple hosts rely on the
              ZooKeeper instance on the master host, the result includes
              <codeph>standalone</codeph>.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Query the other delegate hosts to identify their role in the ensemble.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Delegate</varname> with the hostname or IP address of a delegate host:
              <codeblock>{ echo stats; sleep 1; } | nc <varname>Delegate</varname> 2181 | grep Mode</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Detach from the container of the ZooKeeper service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>exit</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <stepresult>If none of the nodes reports that it is the ensemble leader within a few minutes of
          starting <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>, reboot the ensemble hosts.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to each of the delegate
          hosts that are not nodes in the ZooKeeper ensemble
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>,
          and then start <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl start serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step importance="optional">
        <cmd>Monitor the startup, if desired.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>journalctl -u serviced -f -o cat</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <postreq>Once <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> is started, it is ready to start managing applications.
      For more information, refer to the documentation of your application.</postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
