<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Updating the OpenTSDB time-to-live value</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Older versions of <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> used a longer time-to-live (TTL)
      value for data maintained by the OpenTSDB database. The correct value 
      for this version is 2592000 seconds (30 days). Use this procedure to
      update the TTL value, if necessary.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the master host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start an interactive shell in the OpenTSDB container.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>docker exec -it serviced-isvcs_opentsdb bash</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start an interactive HBase shell.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>/opt/hbase/bin/hbase shell</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Example result:
          <codeblock>HBase Shell; enter 'help&#60;RETURN&#62;' for list of supported commands.
Type "exit&#60;RETURN&#62;" to leave the HBase Shell
Version 0.94.16, r1557241, Fri Jan 10 20:43:03 UTC 2014
              
hbase(main):001:0&#62;</codeblock>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Display the current settings of the <codeph>tsdb</codeph> table.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>describe 'tsdb'</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the result includes <codeph>TTL =&#62; '2592000'</codeph>, 
            stop. Use the <cmdname>exit</cmdname> command twice, to end the HBase 
            shell and then the shell in the OpenTSDB container.</choice>
          <choice>If the result includes a larger value for the TTL setting, perform the remaining
            steps.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Disable the <codeph>tsdb</codeph> table.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>disable 'tsdb'</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Set the TTL value to 2592000 seconds (30 days).</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>alter 'tsdb', {NAME=>'t', TTL=>'2592000'}</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Enable the <codeph>tsdb</codeph> table.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>enable 'tsdb'</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Display the current settings.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>describe 'tsdb'</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the result includes <codeph>TTL =&#62; '2592000'</codeph>, 
            proceed to the next step.</choice>
          <choice>If the result includes a different value for the TTL setting, repeat the preceding
            steps.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>End the interactive HBase shell.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>exit</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>End the interactive shell in the OpenTSDB container.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>exit</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
