<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="shared">
  <title>DO NOT INCLUDE THIS TOPIC WHOLESALE</title>
  <taskbody>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd></cmd>
        <!-- These substeps are used in serviced config file editing procedures -->
        <substeps>
          <substep id="open-file">
            <cmd>Open <filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath> in a text editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="uncomment">
            <cmd>Remove the number sign character (<codeph>&#35;</codeph>) from the beginning of the line.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep id="save">
            <cmd>Save the file, and then close the editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step id="verify-64">
        <cmd>Verify that the host implements the 64-bit version of the x86 instruction set.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>uname -m</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the output is <codeph>x86_64</codeph>, the architecture is 64-bit. Proceed to
            the next step</choice>
          <choice>If the output is <codeph>i386/i486/i586/i686</codeph>, the architecture is 32-bit.
            Stop this procedure and select a different host.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      
      <step id="localhost-entry">
        <cmd>Add an entry to <filepath>/etc/hosts</filepath> 
          for localhost, if necessary.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Determine whether <codeph>127.0.0.1</codeph>
              is mapped to <codeph>localhost</codeph>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>grep 127.0.0.1 /etc/hosts | grep localhost</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>If the preceding commands return no result,
            perform the following substep.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add an entry to <filepath>/etc/hosts</filepath> for <codeph>localhost</codeph>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>echo "127.0.0.1 localhost" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>

      
      
      <step id="docker-hub">
        <cmd>Authenticate to the Docker Hub repository.</cmd>
        <info>Replace <varname>User</varname> with the name
          of your Docker Hub account.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>docker login -u <varname>User</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>The <cmdname>docker</cmdname> command prompts you for the Docker Hub password,
          and saves a hash of the credentials in the <filepath>$HOME/.docker/config.json</filepath> 
          file (root user account).</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step id="cfg-subnet" importance="optional">
        <cmd>Specify an alternate private subnet for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>, if
          necessary.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p>The default private subnet may already be in use in your environment. 
            The following variable configures <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> to use an alternate subnet:</p>
          <dl>
            <dlentry conkeyref="cc-feature-vars-file/SERVICED_VIRTUAL_ADDRESS_SUBNET">
              <dt/>
              <dd/>
            </dlentry>
          </dl>
        </info>
        <substeps>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/open-file">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Locate the <varname>SERVICED_VIRTUAL_ADDRESS_SUBNET</varname> declaration, and then
              change the value to an IPv4 network address in CIDR notation.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>The following example shows the line to change:
              <codeblock># SERVICED_VIRTUAL_ADDRESS_SUBNET=10.3</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <info>For example, change the value to <codeph>203.0.113.0/20</codeph>.</info>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/uncomment">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/save">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      
      
      <step id="master">
        <cmd>Configure <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> to serve as the master.</cmd>
        <info>
          <p>The following variable configures <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> to serve as master:</p>
          <dl>
            <dlentry conkeyref="cc-feature-vars-file/SERVICED_MASTER">
              <dt/>
              <dd/>
            </dlentry>
          </dl>
        </info>
        <substeps>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/open-file">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Find the <varname>SERVICED_MASTER</varname> declaration, and then change the value
              from <codeph>0</codeph> to <codeph>1</codeph>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>The following example shows the line to change:
              <codeblock># SERVICED_MASTER=0</codeblock></stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/uncomment">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/save">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      
      
      <step id="create-thin-docker">
        <cmd>Create an LVM thin pool for Docker data.</cmd>
        <info>For more information about the <cmdname>serviced-storage</cmdname> command,
        see <xref keyref="cc-feature-cli-serviced-storage"/>.</info>
        <stepxmp><b>To use an entire block device or partition</b> for the thin pool, replace
            <varname>Device-Path</varname> with the device path:
          <codeblock>serviced-storage create-thin-pool docker <varname>Device-Path</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepxmp><b>To use 50GB of an LVM volume group</b> for the thin pool, replace
            <varname>Volume-Group</varname> with the name of an LVM volume group:
          <codeblock>serviced-storage create-thin-pool --size=50G docker <varname>Volume-Group</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>On success, the result is the device mapper name of the thin pool,
          which always starts with <codeph>/dev/mapper</codeph>.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step id="agent-default-pool">
        <cmd>Add a delegate host.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <p>Replace <varname>Hostname-Or-IP</varname> with the hostname or IP address of the delegate
            host to add:</p>
          <codeblock>serviced host add <varname>Hostname-Or-IP</varname>:4979 default</codeblock>
          <p>If you enter a hostname, all hosts in your <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster must be able to
            resolve the name, either through an entry in <filepath>/etc/hosts</filepath>, or through
            a nameserver on your network.</p>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step id="check-cpu-count">
        <cmd>Determine whether the CPU resources are sufficient.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the total number of CPU cores.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>cat /proc/cpuinfo | grep -Ec '^core id'</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Compare the available resources with the 
              requirements for a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host.</cmd>
            <info>For more information, refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</info>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step id="check-cpu-aes">
        <cmd>Determine whether the CPU resources support the AES instruction set.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>cat /proc/cpuinfo | grep -Ec '^flags.*aes'</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>For optimal performance, the result of the preceding commands
          must match the total number of CPU resources available on the host. If the
        result is 0, performance is severely degraded.
        <p>If the result is 0 and the candidate host is a virtual machine, the managing 
          hypervisor may be configured in Hyper-V compatibility mode. Check the setting
          and disable it, if possible, or select a different host.</p></stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step id="check-storage-pool">
        <cmd>Determine whether the available, unused storage is sufficient.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the available storage devices.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>lsblk -ap --output=NAME,SIZE,TYPE,FSTYPE,MOUNTPOINT</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Compare the available storage with the 
              amount required for a delegate host 
              in your deployment.</cmd>
            <info>For more information, refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</info>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step id="check-name-resolution">
        <cmd>Verify that name resolution works on this host.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>hostname -i</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>If the result is not a valid IPv4 address, add an entry
        for the host to the network nameserver, or to <filepath>/etc/hosts</filepath>.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step id="check-space">
        <cmd>Verify that the host has adequate storage space for 
          Docker temporary files and audit logging.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the amount of space available in <filepath>/tmp</filepath>.</cmd>
            <info>Docker requires 10GB of storage for temporary files, and the installation
              process includes instructions to link the Docker temporary
              directory to <filepath>/tmp</filepath>.</info>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>df -h /tmp</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>Typically, <filepath>/tmp</filepath> is mounted on the root
              filesystem, <filepath>/</filepath>.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the amount of space available in <filepath>/var/log</filepath>.</cmd>
            <info>By default, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> requires 10GB of space for
            audit logging in <filepath>/var/log</filepath>. The amount of space required for
              audit logs, and their location, is configurable. <ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-ext"/>
              <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-ref"/>.</info>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>df -h /var/log</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>Like <filepath>/tmp</filepath>, <filepath>/var/log</filepath>
              is typically mounted on the root filesystem, <filepath>/</filepath>.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <stepresult>If the result does not include a minimum of 10GB of space for 
          Docker temporary files and 10GB for audit logging,
          stop this procedure and select a different host.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step id="check-space-delegate">
        <cmd>Verify that the host has adequate storage space on the root filesystem.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>df -h /</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>If the result does not include a minimum of 35GB of available space,
          stop this procedure and select a different host.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step id="check-memory-master">
        <cmd>Determine whether the available memory and swap is sufficient.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the available memory.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>free -h</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Compare the available memory and swap space with the 
              amount required for a master host in your deployment.</cmd>
            <info><ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-ext"/>
              <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</info>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <stepresult>If the result does not meet minimum requirements,
          stop this procedure and select a different host.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step id="check-memory-delegate">
        <cmd>Determine whether the available memory and swap is sufficient.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the available memory.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>free -h</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Compare the available memory with the amount required for a delegate host in your
              deployment.</cmd>
            <info><ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-ext"/>
              <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</info>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <stepresult>If the result does not meet minimum requirements,
          stop this procedure and select a different host.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step id="check-hostid-master">
        <cmd>Ensure the host has a persistent numeric ID.</cmd>
        <info>Skip this step if you are installing a single-host deployment.</info>
        <info>Each host in a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster must have a unique host ID,
          and the ID must be persistent (not change when the host reboots).</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>test -f /etc/hostid || genhostid ; hostid</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Record the ID for comparison with other hosts in the cluster.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step id="check-hostid">
        <cmd>Ensure the host has a persistent numeric ID.</cmd>
        <info>Each host in a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster must have a unique host ID,
          and the ID must be persistent (not change when the host reboots).</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>test -f /etc/hostid || genhostid ; hostid</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Record the ID for comparison with other hosts in the cluster.</stepresult>
      </step>
     
      
      
      <step id="firewall">
        <cmd>Disable the firewall, if necessary.</cmd>
        <info>This step is required for installation but not for deployment. For more information,
          refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Determine whether the <cmdname>firewalld</cmdname> service is enabled.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl status firewalld.service</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>
              <ul>
                <li>If the result includes <codeph>Active:&#8201;inactive&#8201;(dead)</codeph>,
                  the service is disabled. Proceed to the next step.</li>
                <li>If the result includes <codeph>Active:&#8201;active&#8201;(running)</codeph>,
                  the service is enabled. Perform the following substep.</li>
              </ul>
            </stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Disable the <cmdname>firewalld</cmdname> service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl stop firewalld &#38;&#38; systemctl disable firewalld</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>On success, the preceding commands display messages similar to the following
              example:
              <codeblock>rm '/etc/systemd/system/dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service'
rm '/etc/systemd/system/basic.target.wants/firewalld.service'</codeblock>
            </stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>

      <step id="update-os">
        <cmd>Determine whether the installed operating system release is supported.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>cat /etc/redhat-release</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the result includes <codeph>7.1</codeph>, <codeph>7.2</codeph>, 
            or <codeph>7.3</codeph> proceed to the next step.</choice>
          <choice>If the result does not include <codeph>7.1</codeph>, 
            <codeph>7.2</codeph>, or <codeph>7.3</codeph>, select a different host,
          and then start this procedure again.</choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      
      <step id="update-kernel">
        <cmd>Update the Linux kernel, if necessary.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Determine which kernel version is installed.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>uname -r</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>If the result is lower than <codeph>3.10.0-327.22.2.el7.x86_64</codeph>,
              perform the following substep.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Update the kernel, and then restart the host.</cmd>
            <info>The following commands require internet access 
              or a local mirror of operating system packages.</info>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum makecache fast &#38;&#38; yum update kernel &#38;&#38; reboot</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <!-- 
      <step id="update-kernel">
        <cmd>Update the Linux kernel, if necessary.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Determine which kernel version is installed.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>uname -r</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <info>If the result is <codeph>3.10.0-327.22.2.el7.x86_64</codeph>
              or a later version, continue to the next procedure. Otherwise:
              <ul>
                <li>If the candidate host has internet access, 
                  perform the following substep.</li>
                <li>If the candidate host does not have internet access, 
                  see TBD.</li>
              </ul>
            </info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Update the kernel, and then restart the host.</cmd>
            <info>The following commands require internet access.</info>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum makecache fast &#38;&#38; yum update kernel &#38;&#38; reboot</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
       -->
      
      <step id="journal" importance="optional">
        <cmd>Enable persistent storage for log files, if desired.</cmd>
        <info>By default, RHEL/CentOS systems store log data only in memory or in a ring buffer in
          the <filepath>/run/log/journal</filepath> directory. By performing this step, log data
          persists and can be saved indefinitely, if you implement log file rotation practices. For
          more information, refer to your operating system documentation.
          <note>The following commands are safe when performed during
            an installation, before Docker or <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
            are installed or running. To enable persistent log files
            after installation, stop <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>, stop
            Docker, and then enter the following commands.</note>
        </info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>mkdir -p /var/log/journal &#38;&#38; systemctl restart systemd-journald</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step id="dnsmasq">
        <cmd>Enable and start the Dnsmasq package.</cmd>
        <info>The package facilitates networking among Docker containers.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl enable dnsmasq &#38;&#38; systemctl start dnsmasq</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <info>If name resolution in your environment relies solely on entries in
            <filepath>/etc/hosts</filepath>, configure <cmdname>dsnmasq</cmdname> so that containers
          can use the file:</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Open <filepath>/etc/dnsmasq.conf</filepath> with a text editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Locate the line that starts with <codeph>#domain-needed</codeph>, 
              and then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/uncomment"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Locate the line that starts with <codeph>#bogus-priv</codeph>, 
              and then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/uncomment"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Locate the line that starts with <codeph>#local=/localnet/</codeph>, 
              and then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Remove <codeph>net</codeph>, and then remove the number sign
              character (<codeph>&#35;</codeph>) from the beginning of the line.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Locate the line that starts with <codeph>#domain=example.com</codeph>, 
              and then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Replace <codeph>example.com</codeph> with <codeph>local</codeph>, 
              and then remove the number sign character (<codeph>&#35;</codeph>)
              from the beginning of the line.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/save"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Restart the <cmdname>dnsmasq</cmdname> service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl restart dnsmasq</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      
      <step id="nc-online">
        <cmd>Install the <xref keyref="url-nmap-ncat"/> utility.</cmd>
        <info>The utility is used to verify ZooKeeper ensemble configurations.
        <b>If you are installing a single-host deployment, skip this step</b>.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>yum install nmap-ncat</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step id="nc-online-pool">
        <cmd>Install the <xref keyref="url-nmap-ncat"/> utility.</cmd>
        <info>The utility is used to verify ZooKeeper ensemble configurations. <b>Perform this step
            only on the two delegate hosts that are designated for use in the ZooKeeper
          ensemble</b>.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>yum install nmap-ncat</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step id="docker-install">
        <cmd>Install Docker CE <ph keyref="lo-version-docker"/>, and then disable accidental upgrades.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add the Docker CE repository to the host's repository list.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>cat &#60;&#60;EOF &#62; /etc/yum.repos.d/docker-ce.repo
[docker-ce-stable]
name=Docker CE Stable - \$basearch
baseurl=https://download.docker.com/linux/centos/7/\$basearch/stable
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=https://download.docker.com/linux/centos/gpg
EOF</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Clean the <cmdname>yum</cmdname> cache and update repository metadata.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum clean all &#38;&#38; yum makecache fast</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Install Docker CE from the remote repository.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <!-- not for 1.3.3 release
                <codeblock>yum install -y docker-ce-<ph keyref="lo-version-docker"/>.ce</codeblock>
              -->
              <codeblock>yum install --setopt=obsoletes=0 \
  docker-ce-17.03.1.ce-1.el7.centos \
  docker-ce-selinux-17.03.1.ce-1.el7.centos</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Enable automatic startup.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl enable docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Open <filepath>/etc/yum.repos.d/docker-ce.repo</filepath> with
              a text editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Change the value of the <codeph>enabled</codeph> key
              from <codeph>1</codeph> to <codeph>0</codeph>.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Save the file, and then close the text editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step id="docker-install-offline">
        <cmd>Install Docker CE <ph keyref="lo-version-docker"/> from the local repository mirror.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Install Docker CE.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum install --enablerepo=zenoss-mirror docker-ce-<ph keyref="lo-version-docker"/>.ce</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>If <cmdname>yum</cmdname> returns an error due to dependency issues, see
              <xref keyref="cc-feature-pkg-pkg"/> for potential resolutions.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Enable automatic startup.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl enable docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step id="docker-tmp">
        <cmd>Create a symbolic link for the Docker temporary directory.</cmd>
        <info>Docker uses its temporary directory to spool images. The
          default directory is <filepath>/var/lib/docker/tmp</filepath>.
          The following command specifies the same directory that 
          <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> uses, <filepath>/tmp</filepath>.
          You can specify any directory that has a minimum of 10GB
          of unused space.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create the <codeph>docker</codeph> directory in <filepath>/var/lib</filepath>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>mkdir /var/lib/docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create the link to <filepath>/tmp</filepath>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>ln -s /tmp /var/lib/docker/tmp</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step id="docker-svc-def">
        <cmd>Create a <cmdname>systemd</cmdname> drop-in file 
          for Docker.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create the override directory.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>mkdir -p /etc/systemd/system/docker.service.d</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create the unit drop-in file.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>cat &#60;&#60;EOF &#62; /etc/systemd/system/docker.service.d/docker.conf
[Service]
TimeoutSec=300
EnvironmentFile=-/etc/sysconfig/docker
ExecStart=
ExecStart=/usr/bin/dockerd \$OPTIONS
TasksMax=infinity
EOF</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Reload the <cmdname>systemd</cmdname> manager configuration.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl daemon-reload</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step id="docker-config-master">
        <cmd>Configure and start the Docker service.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a variable for the name of the Docker thin pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <p>Replace <varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname> with the name of the
                thin pool device created in the previous step:</p>
              <codeblock>myPool="<varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname>"</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create variables for adding arguments to the Docker configuration file. The
              <codeph>--exec-opt</codeph> argument is a workaround for <xref
                keyref="url-docker-17653"/> on RHEL/CentOS 7.x systems.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>myDriver="--storage-driver devicemapper"
myLog="--log-level=error"
myFix="--exec-opt native.cgroupdriver=cgroupfs"
myMount="--storage-opt dm.mountopt=discard"
myFlag="--storage-opt dm.thinpooldev=$myPool"</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add the arguments to the Docker configuration file.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>echo 'OPTIONS="'$myLog $myDriver $myFix $myMount $myFlag'"' \
  &#62;&#62; /etc/sysconfig/docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Start or restart Docker.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl restart docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The startup may take up to a minute, and may fail. If startup
              fails, repeat the <cmdname>restart</cmdname> command.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>

      <step id="docker-config">
        <cmd>Configure and start the Docker service.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a variable for the name of the Docker thin pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <p>Replace <varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname> with the name of the
                thin pool device created in the previous step:</p>
              <codeblock>myPool="<varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname>"</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create variables for adding arguments to the Docker configuration file. The
                <codeph>--exec-opt</codeph> argument is a workaround for <xref
                keyref="url-docker-17653"/> on RHEL/CentOS 7.x systems.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>myDriver="--storage-driver devicemapper"
myLog="--log-level=error"
myFix="--exec-opt native.cgroupdriver=cgroupfs"
myMount="--storage-opt dm.mountopt=discard"
myFlag="--storage-opt dm.thinpooldev=$myPool"</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add the arguments to the Docker configuration file.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>echo 'OPTIONS="'$myLog $myDriver $myFix $myMount $myFlag'"' \
  &#62;&#62; /etc/sysconfig/docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Start or restart Docker.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl restart docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The startup may take up to a minute, and may fail. If startup
              fails, repeat the <cmdname>restart</cmdname> command.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      

      <step id="docker-dns-flag">
        <cmd>Configure name resolution in containers.</cmd>
        <info>Each time it starts, <cmdname>docker</cmdname> selects an IPv4 
          subnet for its virtual Ethernet bridge.
          The selection can change; this step ensures consistency.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Identify the IPv4 subnet and netmask <cmdname>docker</cmdname> 
              has selected for its virtual Ethernet bridge.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>ip addr show docker0 | grep inet</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Open <filepath>/etc/sysconfig/docker</filepath> in a text editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add the following flags to the end of 
              the <varname>OPTIONS</varname> declaration.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <p>Replace <varname>Bridge-Subnet</varname> with the IPv4 
                subnet <cmdname>docker</cmdname> selected for its
                virtual bridge:</p>
              <codeblock>--dns=<varname>Bridge-Subnet</varname> --bip=<varname>Bridge-Subnet</varname>/16</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <info>For example, if the bridge subnet is 172.17.0.1, add the following flags:
              <codeblock>--dns=172.17.0.1 --bip=172.17.0.1/16</codeblock>
            </info>
            <info>
              <note>Use a space character (<codeph>&#32;</codeph>) to separate flags,
              and make sure the double quote character (<codeph>&#34;</codeph>)
              delimits the declaration of <varname>OPTIONS</varname>.</note>
            </info>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/save"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Restart the Docker service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp><codeblock>systemctl restart docker </codeblock></stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step id="zenoss-repo">  
        <cmd>Add the Zenoss repositories to the host's repository list.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Install the repository package.</cmd>
            <info>The package adds the Zenoss stable, 
              unstable, and testing repositories to <filepath>/etc/yum.repos.d</filepath>. 
              All three repositories are disabled.</info>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>rpm -ivh http://get.zenoss.io/yum/zenoss-repo-1-1.x86_64.rpm</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Clean out the <cmdname>yum</cmdname> cache directory.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum clean all</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step id="install-serviced">
        <cmd>Install <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> <ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Clean the <cmdname>yum</cmdname> cache and update repository metadata.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum clean all &#38;&#38; yum makecache fast</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Install <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> from the remote repository.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum --enablerepo=zenoss-stable install serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Enable automatic startup.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl enable serviced</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step id="serviced-cfg-backup">
        <cmd>Make a backup copy of the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> configuration file.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Make a copy of <filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>cp /etc/default/serviced /etc/default/serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>-orig</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Set the backup file permissions to read-only.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>chmod 0440 /etc/default/serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>-orig</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>

      <step id="install-serviced-offline">
        <cmd>Install <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> <ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/> from the local repository mirror.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Install <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum install --enablerepo=zenoss-mirror \
  /opt/zenoss-repo-mirror/serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>-1.x86_64.rpm</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>If <cmdname>yum</cmdname> returns an error due to dependency issues, see
              <xref keyref="cc-feature-pkg-pkg"/> for potential resolutions.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Enable automatic startup.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl enable serviced</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step id="install-serviced-offline-ha">
        <cmd>Install <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> <ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/> from the local repository mirror.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Clean the <cmdname>yum</cmdname> cache and update repository metadata.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum clean all &#38;&#38; yum makecache fast</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Install <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum install --enablerepo=zenoss-mirror \
  /opt/zenoss-repo-mirror/serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>-1.x86_64.rpm</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>

      
      <step id="nfs-workaround">
        <cmd>Add a drop-in file for the NFS service.</cmd>
        <info>This step is a workaround for an <xref keyref="url-rpcbin-bug"/>.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a directory for the drop-in file.</cmd>
              <stepxmp>
                <codeblock>mkdir -p /etc/systemd/system/nfs-server.service.d</codeblock>
              </stepxmp>    
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create the drop-in file.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>cat &#60;&#60;EOF &#62; /etc/systemd/system/nfs-server.service.d/nfs-server.conf
[Unit]
Requires= 
Requires= network.target proc-fs-nfsd.mount rpcbind.service
Requires= nfs-mountd.service
EOF</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Reload the <cmdname>systemd</cmdname> manager configuration.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl daemon-reload</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
