<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Backing up</title>
  <shortdesc>Using the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> browser interface, you can take a backup of an
    application that <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> manages.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <context id="context_afg_qhz_gx">
      <p>Review considerations and best practices before performing an application backup:<ul
          id="ul_o3t_syz_gx">
          <li>Perform regular backups of the production environment and potentially the system of
            record from the initial deployment. Back up to nonactive resource targets such as a
            separate DR system or test environment. Store backups on a machine other than the <ph
              keyref="nm-cc"/> master. Copy or migrate backups to an off-system location for
            safekeeping and to help regulate storage space usage on the master.</li>
          <li><!-- CC-306 -->The backup process saves a snapshot of the current state of the system,
            the state of all services, and data to a compressed archive file
              (<filepath>.tgz</filepath>). When a backup is running, you can start and restart
            services.</li>
        </ul></p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> browser interface.</cmd>
        <!-- are images needed in CC Help? -->
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Backup / Restore</uicontrol> tab. The Backup / Restore page
          appears.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click <uicontrol>Create Backup</uicontrol>. You are asked to confirm your selection by
          clicking <uicontrol>Create Backup</uicontrol> again.</cmd>
        <stepresult>When the backup is complete, the path of the backup file is
          displayed.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
