<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>New features</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 1.3.0 introduces enhancements in the following functional areas:</p>
      <ul id="ul_nqp_3xf_xx">
        <li><b>Emergency shutdown</b><p>For services in a resource pool with DFS access, <ph
              keyref="nm-cc"/> monitors storage usage levels and trends. Using collected data, it
            predicts when a service will exhaust storage space. Data corruption can result if thin
            pool or metadata volume space is exhausted. If <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> projects that the
            service is likely to exhaust available storage space in a pre-determined window, it will
            initiate an automatic emergency shutdown of the service, while enough space is still
            available to perform recovery operations. Support for this feature requires at least 3GB
            of free space in the thin pool for data and metadata. For more information on this
            feature, including how to view current storage utilization and how to recover from an
            emergency shutdown, see the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-ref"
              />.<note><!--CC3384 and CC3363-->Before upgrading to <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 1.3.0, you
                <i>must</i> ensure you have sufficient free space in both the thin pool metadata
              volume and the thin pool data volume. The thin pool metadata volume should be at least
              1% of the size of the thin pool data volume (if created by an earlier version of
                <codeph>serviced-storage</codeph>, it may be smaller). In addition, you must have at
              least 3GB of available space in the thin pool data volume, as this is the minimum
              buffer before an emergency shutdown will commence. If less than 3GB is available, you
              must provision additional storage or <codeph>serviced</codeph> will fail to start
              after the upgrade. See the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-upgrade"/> for
            details.</note></p></li>
        <li><b>Rolling restart</b><p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> restarts instances of multi-instance
            services one at a time. This rolling restart reduces or eliminates downtime for these
            services. In a WAN outage, the rolling restart proceeds, and instances on disconnected
            hosts restart when the WAN is restored.</p></li>
        <li><b>Graceful shutdown</b><p>Improved service startup, restart, and shutdown order to
            optimize startup times and perform normal shutdowns more gracefully. When taking a
            snapshot, all services pause while the snapshot is taken, and then return to their prior
            state. Requests to start, stop, or restart a service during the snapshot are delayed
            until after the snapshot.</p></li>
        <li><b>NAT support</b><p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> supports the use of network address
            translation (NAT). When you add a delegate host, you specify the hostname or IP address
            and port for the NAT device, and then transfer host keys to the delegate hosts and
            register them.</p></li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    
  </refbody>
</reference>
