<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Downloading files for offline installation</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>This procedure describes how to download RPM packages and Docker image files to your
      workstation.</context>
    <prereq>To perform this procedure, you need:
      <ul>
        <li>A workstation with internet access.</li>
        <li>A portable storage medium, such as a USB flash drive, with at least 5 GB of free space.</li>
        <li>Permission to download the required files from the <xref keyref="url-leapfile">File Portal - Download Zenoss 
          Enterprise Software</xref> site. You may request permission by filing a ticket at <ph
            conkeyref="names/support-site"/>.</li>
      </ul></prereq>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>In a web browser, navigate to the <xref keyref="url-leapfile">File Portal - Download Zenoss 
          Enterprise Software</xref> site.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in with the account provided by <ph conkeyref="names/support"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Download archive files to your workstation.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <p>Replace <varname>Version</varname> with the most recent version number available on the
            download page:</p>
          <ul>
            <li><filepath>install-zenoss-hbase:v<varname>Version</varname>.run</filepath></li>
            <li><filepath>install-zenoss-isvcs-zookeeper:v<varname>Version</varname>.run</filepath>
            </li>
            <li><filepath>install-zenoss-opentsdb:v<varname>Version</varname>.run</filepath></li>
            <li><filepath>install-zenoss-resmgr_5.1:5.1<varname>Version</varname>.run</filepath></li>
            <li><filepath>install-zenoss-serviced-isvcs:v<varname>Version</varname>.run</filepath></li>
            <li><filepath>serviced-resource-agents-<varname>Version</varname>.x86_64.rpm</filepath></li>
          </ul>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Download the RHEL/CentOS mirror package for your upgrade.</cmd>
        <info><note>If you are planning to upgrade the operating system during your <ph
          keyref="nm-cc"/> and <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> upgrade, choose the mirror package
          that matches the RHEL/CentOS release to which you are upgrading, not the release
          that is installed now.</note></info>
        <stepxmp>
          <p>Replace <varname>Version</varname> with the most recent version number available on the
            download page, and replace <varname>Release</varname> with the version of 
            RHEL/CentOS appropriate for your environment:</p>
          <codeblock>yum-mirror-centos7.<varname>Release</varname>-<varname>Version</varname>.x86_64.rpm</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Copy the files to your portable storage medium.</cmd>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
