<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:concept" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="conceptid">
  <title>Fencing recommendations</title>
  <shortdesc>Fencing is an automated means of isolating a node that appears to be malfunctioning,
    used to protect the integrity of the DRBD volumes. In a <i>test</i> deployment of a <ph
      keyref="nm-cc"/> high-availability cluster, fencing is not necessary. However, on
      <i>production</i> clusters, fencing is a critical consideration. </shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>Work with your IT department to implement the best fencing solution for your infrastructure.
      Employ a technique that ensures that a failed node in the cluster is completely stopped to
      avoid application conflicts or conflicts with the cluster management software. </p>
    <p>When fencing is employed in the high-availability cluster, use two NICs per node. </p>
    <p>Before you configure and enable fencing in your production environment:<ul>
        <li>Ensure that all components are deployed.</li>
        <li>Verify operation of the application that <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> is managing.</li>
        <li>In a controlled scenario, confirm basic cluster failover.<p>If a fencing method is not
            defined, when the cluster attempts to fail over to the backup node, the following error
            results: <codeblock>no method defined</codeblock></p></li>
      </ul></p>
    <p>Place the fencing device on the public network. (Passing heartbeat communication through a
      private network interface is not recommended. Doing so requires a complex fencing system that
      is prone to issues. For more information, see Quorum Disk documentation on the Red Hat
      website.)</p>
    <p>Using a public network interface enables a healthy node to fence the unhealthy node, and
      prevents the unhealthy node from  fencing the healthy node. If heartbeat communications pass
      through the public network and the link for a node goes down, the node with the down public
      network link cannot communicate with the fencing device.</p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
