<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="topicid">
  <title>Master host storage requirements</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The following table identifies the minimum local storage requirements of <ph keyref="nm-cc"
        /> master host nodes in high-availability deployments.</p>

      <table>
        <tgroup cols="4">
          <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="8*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colwidth="6*"/>
          <colspec colname="c4" colwidth="14*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry namest="c1" nameend="c2">Purpose</entry>
              <entry>Minimum size</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>1</entry>
              <entry>Root (<filepath>/</filepath>)</entry>
              <entry>2-10GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>Local, high-performance storage (XFS).</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>2</entry>
              <entry>Swap</entry>
              <entry>12-16GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>Local, high-performance storage.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>3</entry>
              <entry>Docker temporary</entry>
              <entry>10GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>Local, high-performance storage (XFS).</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>4</entry>
              <entry><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> audit logging</entry>
              <entry>10GB (configurable)</entry>
              <entry>Local or remote, XFS-compatible storage.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>5</entry>
              <entry>Docker data</entry>
              <entry>50GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>Local, high-performance storage.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>6</entry>
              <entry><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services data</entry>
              <entry>50GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>Local, high-performance storage (XFS).</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>7</entry>
              <entry>Application data</entry>
              <entry>200GB (suggested)</entry>
              <entry>Local, high-performance storage.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>8</entry>
              <entry>Application metadata</entry>
              <entry>1GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>Local, high-performance storage (XFS).</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>9</entry>
              <entry>Application data backups</entry>
              <entry>150GB (suggested)</entry>
              <entry>Remote, XFS-compatible storage.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>

      <p>Areas 1-4 can be combined in a single filesystem when the operating system is installed.
        Areas 5-8 must be separate real or virtual devices. This guide includes procedures for
        preparing areas 5-8.</p>
      
      <p>The suggested minimum sizes for application data and application data backups should be
        replaced with sizes that meet your application requirements. To calculate the appropriate
        sizes for these storage areas, use the following guidelines:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Application data storage includes space for both data and snapshots. The default base
          size for data is 100GB, and the recommended space for snapshots is 100% of the base size.
          Adding the two yields the suggested minimum size of 200GB.</li>
        <li>For application data backups, the recommended space is 150% of the base size for
          data.</li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>The suggested minimum size for application data backups is 150GB. For improved reliability
        and performance, <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> strongly recommends using shared remote
        storage or network-attached storage for application data backups. This guide does not
        include instructions for mounting remote storage, but does include a step for creating the
        mount point.</p>
      
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
