<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>DO NOT INCLUDE THIS TOPIC WHOLESALE</title>
  <taskbody>
    <steps>

      <step id="docker-config">
        <cmd>Configure and start the Docker service.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a variable for the name of the Docker thin pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <p>Replace <varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname> with the name of the
                thin pool device created in the previous step:</p>
              <codeblock>myPool="<varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname>"</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a variable for the master host.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <p>Replace <varname>Master</varname> with 
                the virtual hostname (<varname>HA-Virtual-Name</varname>)
                or IPv4 address (<varname>HA-Virtual-IP</varname>)
                of the high-availability cluster:</p>
              <codeblock>myCluster="<varname>Master</varname>"</codeblock>
              <p>The value of this variable must match the value of
                the <varname>SERVICED_DOCKER_REGISTRY</varname> variable 
                in <filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath>.</p>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create variables for adding arguments to the Docker configuration file. The
              <codeph>--exec-opt</codeph> argument is a workaround for <xref
                keyref="url-docker-17653">a Docker issue</xref> on RHEL/CentOS 7.x systems.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>myDriver="--storage-driver devicemapper"
myLog="--log-level=error"
myFix="--exec-opt native.cgroupdriver=cgroupfs"
myMount="--storage-opt dm.mountopt=discard"
myFlag="--storage-opt dm.thinpooldev=$myPool"
myReg="--insecure-registry=myCluster:5000"</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add the arguments to the Docker configuration file.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>echo 'OPTIONS="'$myLog $myDriver $myFix $myMount $myFlag $myReg'"' \
  &#62;&#62; /etc/sysconfig/docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Start or restart Docker.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl restart docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The startup may take up to a minute, and may fail. If startup
              fails, repeat the <cmdname>restart</cmdname> command.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
