<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Creating new resource pools</title>
  <taskbody>

    <context>This procedure creates a new resource pool for the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master nodes,
      and one or more resource pools for other hosts.</context>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the primary node of the high-availability cluster
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
        <info>To ensure you are logging in to the primary node, use
        the virtual hostname (<varname>HA-Virtual-Name</varname>) or
        virtual IP address (<varname>HA-Virtual-IP</varname>) of the 
        high-availability cluster.</info>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create a new resource pool named <codeph>master</codeph>.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create the pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>serviced pool add master</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Set permissions on the pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>serviced pool set-permission --dfs=true --admin=true master</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        
      </step>

      <step importance="optional">
        <cmd>Create additional resource pools, if desired.</cmd>
        <info>At least one additional resource pools is recommended. Many users find it useful to have
          pool names such as <codeph>infrastructure</codeph> and
              <codeph>collector-<varname>n</varname></codeph> for groups of delegate hosts.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the names of the existing resource pools.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>serviced pool list</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a new resource pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Resource-Pool</varname> with the name of a new resource pool:
              <codeblock>serviced pool add <varname>Resource-Pool</varname></codeblock>
              <p>Repeat the preceding command as desired.</p>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep importance="optional">
            <cmd>Set permissions on new resource pools, if desired.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Resource-Pool</varname> with the name of the new resource
              pool:
              <codeblock>serviced pool set-permission --dfs=true --admin=true <varname>Resource-Pool</varname></codeblock>
              <p>Repeat the preceding command as desired.</p>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>















