<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Installing and configuring an NTP master server</title>
  <prolog>
    <source href="http://www.borngeek.com/2008/04/03/using-ntp-on-a-private-network/"
      scope="external" format="html" />
  </prolog>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>Use this procedure to configure an NTP master server on a master host node.</p>
      <note>On VMware vSphere guests, disable time synchronization between guest 
        and host operating systems before performing this procedure.</note>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the master host node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Stop and disable <cmdname>chronyd</cmdname>, if present.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>test "$(systemctl is-active chronyd)" = "active" \
  &#38;&#38; systemctl stop chronyd &#38;&#38; systemctl disable chronyd</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Install the NTP package.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>yum --enablerepo=zenoss-mirror install ntp</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create a backup of the NTP configuration file.</cmd>
        <stepxmp><codeblock>cp -p /etc/ntp.conf /etc/ntp.conf.orig</codeblock></stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Edit the NTP configuration file./</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Open <filepath>/etc/ntp.conf</filepath> with a text editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Replace all of the lines in the file with the following lines:</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock># Use the local clock
server 127.127.1.0 prefer
fudge  127.127.1.0 stratum 10
driftfile /var/lib/ntp/drift
broadcastdelay 0.008

# Give localhost full access rights
restrict 127.0.0.1

# Grant access to client hosts
restrict ADDRESS_RANGE mask NETMASK nomodify notrap</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Replace <codeph>ADDRESS_RANGE</codeph> with the range of IPv4 network addresses
              that are allowed to query this NTP server.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <p>For example, the following IP addresses are assigned to <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> hosts: <sl>
                  <sli><codeph>203.0.113.10</codeph></sli>
                  <sli><codeph>203.0.113.11</codeph></sli>
                  <sli><codeph>203.0.113.12</codeph></sli>
                  <sli><codeph>203.0.113.13</codeph></sli>
                </sl>
              </p>
              <p>For the preceding addresses, the value for <codeph>ADDRESS_RANGE</codeph> is
                  <codeph>203.0.113.0</codeph>.</p>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Replace <codeph>NETMASK</codeph> with the IPv4 network mask 
              that corresponds with the address range.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>For example, a valid network mask for <codeph>203.0.113.0</codeph> is
                <codeph>255.255.255.0</codeph>.</stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Save the file and exit the editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>

      <substep>
        <cmd>Enable and start the <cmdname>ntpd</cmdname> service.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl enable ntpd &#38;&#38; systemctl start ntpd</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </substep>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>











