<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Preparing the master host operating system</title>
  <taskbody>

    <context>Use this procedure to prepare a RHEL/CentOS  
      host as a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host.</context>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the candidate master host 
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/firewall">
        <cmd></cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/journal">
        <cmd></cmd>
      </step>

      <step conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/dnsmasq">
        <cmd></cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Add the required hostnames and IP addresses of both the primary and the secondary node
          to the <filepath>/etc/hosts</filepath> file.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <p><b>For a dual-NIC system</b>, replace each variable name with the values designated for
            each node, and replace <codeph>example.com</codeph> with the domain name of your
            organization:</p>
          <codeblock>echo "<varname>Primary-Public-IP</varname> <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts
echo "<varname>Primary-Private-IP</varname> <varname>Primary-Private-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Primary-Private-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts
echo "<varname>Secondary-Public-IP</varname> <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts
echo "<varname>Secondary-Private-IP</varname> <varname>Secondary-Private-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Secondary-Private-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepxmp>
          <p><b>For a single-NIC system</b>, replace each variable name with the values designated
            for each node, and replace <codeph>example.com</codeph> with the domain name of your
            organization:</p>
          <codeblock>echo "<varname>Primary-Public-IP</varname> <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts
echo "<varname>Secondary-Public-IP</varname> <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create a mount point for application data backups.</cmd>
        <info>The default mount point is <filepath>/opt/serviced/var/backups</filepath>.
          You can change the default by editing the <varname>SERVICED_BACKUPS_PATH</varname>
          variable in the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> configuration file.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>mkdir -p /opt/serviced/var/backups</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create a mount point for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services data.</cmd>
        <info>The default mount point is <filepath>/opt/serviced/var/isvcs</filepath>.
          You can change the default by editing the <varname>SERVICED_ISVCS_PATH</varname>
          variable in the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> configuration file.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>mkdir -p /opt/serviced/var/isvcs</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create a mount point for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> audit logs.</cmd>
        <info>The default mount point is <filepath>/var/log/serviced</filepath>.
          You can change the default by editing the <varname>SERVICED_LOG_PATH</varname>
          variable in the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> configuration file.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>mkdir -p /var/log/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Remove file system signatures from the
          required storage areas.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <p>Replace each variable name with the path of each storage area:</p>
          <codeblock>wipefs -a <varname>Isvcs-Storage</varname>
wipefs -a <varname>Metadata-Storage</varname>
wipefs -a <varname>App-Data-Storage</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Reboot the host.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>reboot</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
