<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title><uicontrol>Services</uicontrol></title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The <uicontrol>Services</uicontrol> table contains a nested list of services and
        subservices that are associated with an application. <ul>
          <li>To expand or collapse the list of subservices, click the arrow beside a service name.
            Services at the same level are peers. An indented service is a subservice of the
            preceding service. </li>
          <li>To access a service details page, click a service name.</li>
          <li>The <uicontrol>Status</uicontrol> column shows the start or stop status of a service.
            The top level status in the CC UI for an application is actually just the status of the
            health checks for the NginX service. It is NOT a roll up off all the health checks of
            the system nor is it a true indicator of the ability to log into the application. Please
            document that to see the true health of a system one needs to look at the health checks
            for the underlying services. Also, this becomes easier once we have the CC status
            screens (future release feature).<p/></li>
          <li>The <uicontrol>Health</uicontrol> column indicates health-check results for started
            services. If multiple instances are running, the number is noted. Hover the mouse over
            the icon for additional details.  </li>
          <li>The <uicontrol>Actions</uicontrol> column contains the controls for starting and
            stopping a service. Stop applies to all instances of the service and discards the
            containers in which the instances were running. Start creates new containers for the
            required number of instances. Action controls for the entire application are in the
            upper right corner of the window. </li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
