<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Configuring cluster management</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Perform this procedure to install and configure the cluster management software.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the primary node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>In a separate window, log in to the secondary 
          node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On both nodes, extract and install the cluster management packages.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Extract the packages.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>cd /tmp &#38;&#38; tar xzf ./downloads.tgz</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Install the packages.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum --disablerepo=\* install -y ./downloads/*.rpm</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On both nodes, install the Pacemaker resource agent for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>.</cmd>
        <info>Pacemaker uses resource agents (scripts) to implement a standardized
          interface for managing arbitrary resources in a cluster. <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> 
          provides a Pacemaker resource agent to manage the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>yum install -y --disablerepo=\* \
  /opt/zenoss-repo-mirror/serviced-resource-agents-*.x86_64.rpm</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On both nodes, start and enable the PCS daemon.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl start pcsd.service &#38;&#38; systemctl enable pcsd.service</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On both nodes, set the password of the <codeph>hacluster</codeph> account.</cmd>
        <info>The Pacemaker package creates the <codeph>hacluster</codeph> user account,
          which must have the same password on both nodes.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>passwd hacluster</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
