<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="topicid">
  <title>Master host storage requirements</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
    <p>In addition to the storage required for its operating system, both <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
        master hosts in the failover cluster require the following storage areas:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>A local primary partition for Docker data, configured as a device mapper thin pool.</li>
      
      <li>A local primary partition for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services data, formatted with
        the XFS file system.
        <note><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services include ZooKeeper, which requires
          consistently fast storage. <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> recommends using
          a separate, high-performance storage resource for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
          internal services. For example, a drive that is configured with only
          one primary partition, which eliminates contention by other services.</note>
      </li>
      
      <li>A local primary partition for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> metadata, 
        formatted with the XFS file system.</li>
      
      <li>A local primary partition for <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> data, configured as a
        device mapper thin pool.</li>
    </ul>
    
      <note>This chapter includes procedures for configuring and formatting all required storage
        areas. </note>
      
    <p>In addition, the primary node of the failover cluster requires a local primary partition, a
        remote primary partition, or a remote file server, for backups of <ph keyref="nm-platform"/>
        data. The local or remote primary partition is formatted with the XFS file system. A remote
        file server must provide a file system that is compatible with XFS. <note>If you are using a
          primary partition on a local device for backups, ensure that the primary partition for <ph
            keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services data is not on the same device.</note>
      </p>
    
    <p>For storage sizing information, refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
