<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Configuring DRBD</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The procedures in this chapter configure LVM and DRBD for a two-node
      high-availability cluster.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <p>The following list identifies the assumptions that inform the DRBD resource
        definition for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Each node has either one or two NICs. In dual-NIC hosts the private
          IP/hostnames are reserved for DRBD traffic. This is recommended configuration, which
          enables real-time writes for disk synchronization between the active and passive
          nodes, and no contention with application traffic. However, it is possible to use DRBD
          with a single NIC.</li>
        <li>The default port number for DRBD traffic is 7789.</li>
        <li>All volumes should synchronize and failover together. This is accomplished
          by creating a single resource definition.</li>
        
        <li>DRBD stores its metadata on each volume (<codeph>meta-disk/internal</codeph>), so
          the total amount of space reported on the logical device
          <filepath>/dev/drbd<varname>n</varname></filepath> is always less than the amount
          of physical space available on the underlying primary partition.</li>
        <li>The <codeph>syncer/rate</codeph> key controls the rate, in bytes per second, at
          which DRBD synchronizes disks. Set the rate to 30% of the available replication
          bandwidth, which is the slowest of either the I/O subsystem or the network interface.
          The following example assumes 100MB/s available for total replication bandwidth (0.30
          * 100MB/s = 30MB/s).</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
