<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Downloading repository and image files</title>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>To perform this procedure, you need:
      <ul>
        <li>A workstation with internet access.</li>
        <li>Permission to download files from the <xref keyref="url-leapfile">File Portal - Download
            Zenoss Enterprise Software</xref> site. <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> customers can
          request permission by filing a ticket at <ph conkeyref="names/support-site"/>. </li>
        <li>A secure network copy program.</li>
      </ul></prereq>
    <context>Use this procedure to
      <ul>
        <li>download the required files to a workstation</li>
        <li>copy the files to the hosts that need them</li>
      </ul>
    <p>Perform these steps:</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>In a web browser, navigate to the <xref keyref="url-leapfile">File 
          Portal - Download Zenoss Enterprise Software</xref> site.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in with the account provided by <ph conkeyref="names/support"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Download the self-installing Docker image file.</cmd>
        <info>Select the file with the highest version number.
          The version number is represented as <varname>Version</varname> in
          the following file name:
          <sl>
            <sli><filepath>install-zenoss-isvcs-zookeeper:v<varname>Version</varname>.run</filepath></sli>
          </sl>
        </info>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Download the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> RPM file.</cmd>
        <info>Select the file for the new release:<sl>
            <sli><codeph>serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>-1.x86_64.rpm</codeph></sli>
          </sl></info>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Download a RHEL/CentOS repository mirror file.</cmd>
        <info>The download site provides a repository mirror file for each supported release of
          RHEL/CentOS. Each file contains the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> package and its
          dependencies.</info>
        <info>To download the correct repository mirror file,
          match the operating system release number in the file name 
          with the version of RHEL/CentOS installed on all of the hosts
          in your <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster.
          <sl>
            <sli><filepath>yum-mirror-centos7.centos7.1-<varname>Version</varname>.x86_64.rpm</filepath></sli>
            <sli><filepath>yum-mirror-centos7.centos7.2-<varname>Version</varname>.x86_64.rpm</filepath></sli>
            <sli><filepath>yum-mirror-centos7.centos7.3-<varname>Version</varname>.x86_64.rpm</filepath></sli>
          </sl>
        </info>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Use a secure copy program to copy the files to <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster hosts.</cmd>
        <info>
          <ul>
            <li>Copy the RHEL/CentOS RPM file and the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> RPM file to all delegate hosts.</li>
            <li>Copy the Docker image file for ZooKeeper
              (<filepath>install-zenoss-isvcs-zookeeper:v*.run</filepath>)
              to delegate hosts that are ZooKeeper ensemble nodes.</li>
          </ul>
        </info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
