<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Pre-configured appliances</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> and <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> are available as a pre-configured
        appliance, in OVA or ISO format. The majority of the installation process is complete,
        including Docker image downloads. <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> supports installing the
        OVA package on VMware vSphere systems, and installing the ISO package on Microsoft Hyper-V
        systems.</p>
      
      <p>The appliance may be configured as a master host or as a resource pool host. An automated
        setup process configures an appliance's role in a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster, and a
        curses-based administration menu simplifies common maintenance procedures.</p>
      
      <note product="rm">To install the <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> appliance, you need permission to
        download files from <ph conkeyref="names/support-site"/>. For more information, contact <ph
          conkeyref="names/support"/>.</note>
      
      <note product="open">The <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> is available for download by all; no
        special permissions are required. For more information, refer to the <cite
          conkeyref="pubs/cite-install"/>.</note>
      
      <p product="rm">The appliance file is about 2.5GB in size, and expands to about 5GB when
        installed. The
        appliance specifies one 334GB disk with several LVM volumes. The volumes may be expanded,
        but never shrunk. The hypervisor storage for the appliance may be a thin-provisioned
        volume.</p>
      
      <p product="open">The appliance file is about 2GB in size, and expands to about 4GB when
        installed. The
        appliance specifies one 334GB disk with several LVM volumes. The volumes may be expanded,
        but never shrunk. The hypervisor storage for the appliance may be a thin-provisioned
        volume.</p>
      
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
