<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> maintenance scripts on the master host</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The scripts in the following list are installed when <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
        is installed, and are started either daily or weekly by <cmdname>anacron</cmdname>.</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><filepath>/etc/cron.hourly/serviced</filepath></dt>
          <dd>This script invokes <cmdname>logrotate</cmdname> hourly, to manage the files in
              <filepath>/var/log/serviced</filepath>.</dd>
          <dd>This script is required on the master host only.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><filepath>/etc/cron.daily/serviced</filepath></dt>
          <dd>This script invokes <cmdname>logrotate</cmdname> daily, to manage the
              <filepath>/var/log/serviced.access.log</filepath> file.</dd>
          <dd>This script is required on the master host and on all delegate hosts.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><filepath>/etc/cron.weekly/serviced-fstrim</filepath></dt>
          <dd>This script invokes <cmdname>fstrim</cmdname> weekly, to reclaim unused blocks in the
            application data thin pool. </dd>
          <dd>The life span of a solid-state drive (SSD) degrades when <cmdname>fstrim</cmdname> is
            run too frequently. If the block storage of the application data thin pool is an SSD,
            you can reduce the frequency at which this script is invoked, as long as the thin pool
            never runs out of free space. An identical copy of this script is located in
              <filepath>/opt/serviced/bin</filepath>.</dd>
          <dd>This script is required on the master host only.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt><filepath>/etc/cron.d/cron_zenossdbpack</filepath></dt>
          <dd>This script invokes <cmdname>/opt/serviced/bin/serviced-zenossdbpack</cmdname>,
            the database maintenance script for a <ph conkeyref="names/company"/>
            application, every Sunday at midnight. If the application is not installed or is offline,
            the command fails. You can change the day of the week and time of day when the
            maintenance script is invoked by editing <filepath>/etc/cron.d/cron_zenossdbpack</filepath>.</dd>
          <dd>This script is required on the master host only.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
