<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Optional: Changing the local Docker registry endpoint</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to configure the master host with the endpoint of an alternative
      local Docker registry. <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> includes a local Docker registry, but you may use
      an existing registry in your environment, if desired. For more information about configuring a
      local Docker registry, please refer to <xref keyref="url-docker-docs"/>. <note>Changing the
        local Docker registry endpoint is rare. Perform this procedure only if you are sure it is
        necessary and the alternative local Docker registry is already available in your
        environment.</note>
      <p>The following configuration variable identifies the local Docker registry endpoint:<dl>
          <dlentry conkeyref="cc-feature-vars-file/SERVICED_DOCKER_REGISTRY">
            <dt/>
            <dd/>
          </dlentry>
        </dl>
      </p>
      <p>Perform these steps:</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the master host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Edit the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> configuration file.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/open-file"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Locate the line for the <varname>SERVICED_DOCKER_REGISTRY</varname> variable, and 
              then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/uncomment"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Replace <codeph>localhost:5000</codeph> with the endpoint of the local Docker
              registry.</cmd>
            <info>Use the IP address or fully-qualified domain name of the host and the
            port number.</info>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/save"><cmd/></substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify the settings.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Add the insecure registry flag to the Docker configuration file.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Open <filepath>/etc/sysconfig/docker</filepath> in a text editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add the following flag to the end of the <varname>OPTIONS</varname>
              declaration.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <p>Replace <varname>Registry-Endpoint</varname> with the same value used for the
                  <varname>SERVICED_DOCKER_REGISTRY</varname> variable:</p>
              <codeblock>--insecure-registry=<varname>Registry-Endpoint</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <info>
              <note>Use a space character (<codeph>&#32;</codeph>) to separate flags, and make sure
                the double quote character (<codeph>&#34;</codeph>) delimits the declaration of
                  <varname>OPTIONS</varname>.</note>
            </info>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/save"><cmd/></substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Restart the Docker service.</cmd>
        <stepxmp><codeblock>systemctl restart docker</codeblock></stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
