<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="topicid">
  <title>Master host storage requirements</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>This section provides a quick reference for the minimum storage requirements of a <ph
          keyref="nm-cc"/> master host. These requirements are in addition to the storage required
        for the host's operating system. For more information, refer to the <cite
          conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</p>
      
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster hosts need either unformatted block storage devices or partitions,
      or free space in one or more LVM volume groups.</p>
      
      <ul>
        <li>Enter the following command to display information about block storage:
          <codeblock>lsblk -ap --output=NAME,SIZE,TYPE,FSTYPE,MOUNTPOINT</codeblock>
        </li>
        <li>Enter the following command to display information about LVM volume groups:
          <codeblock>vgdisplay</codeblock>
        </li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>Compare the output with the information in the following table.</p>
      
      <table>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colwidth="2*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Purpose</entry>
              <entry>Minimum size</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Docker data</entry>
              <entry>50GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>Local, high-performance storage.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services data</entry>
              <entry>50GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>Local, high-performance storage formatted as an XFS filesystem.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Application data</entry>
              <entry>200GB (suggested)</entry>
              <entry>Local, high-performance storage.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Application data backups</entry>
              <entry>150GB (suggested)</entry>
              <entry>A remote file server compatible with XFS or a local storage formatted as an XFS
                filesystem. If the storage is local, ensure that it does not cause contention with
                the storage for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services.</entry>
            </row>
            <!-- For HA systems only. Uncomment to include (until Dita 1.3) -->
            <row>
              <entry><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> metadata</entry>
              <entry>1GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>Local, high-performance storage formatted as an XFS filesystem.
                (High-availability deployments only.)</entry>
            </row>
             <!-- -->
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>

      <p>The storage for Docker data and application data is configured as LVM thin pools in
        subsequent procedures. </p>
      
      <p>The suggested minimum sizes for application data and application data backups should be
        replaced with sizes that meet your application requirements. To calculate the appropriate
        sizes for these storage areas, use the following guidelines:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Application data storage includes space for both data and snapshots. The default base
          size for data is 100GB, and the recommended space for snapshots is 100% of the base size.
          Adding the two yields the suggested minimum size of 200GB.</li>
        <li>For application data backups, the recommended space is 150% of the base size for
          data.</li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>The following sections provide procedures for formatting and mounting local storage
        as XFS filesystems for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services data and application
        data backups.</p>   

    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
