<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Configuring the base size device for tenant data storage</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>Use this procedure to configure the base size of virtual storage devices for tenants
        in the application data thin pool. The base size is used each time a tenant device is
        created. In particular, the first time <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> starts, it creates
        the base size device and then creates a tenant device from the base size device.</p>
      <p>The following <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
      configuration variable is used to specify the base size device:</p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry conkeyref="cc-feature-vars-file/SERVICED_DM_BASESIZE"><dt/><dd/></dlentry>
      </dl>
      <p>Perform these steps:</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the master host 
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Identify the size of the thin pool for application data.</cmd>
        <info>The size is required to set an accurate value for the
            <varname>SERVICED_DM_BASESIZE</varname> variable.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>lvs --options=lv_name,lv_size | grep serviced-pool</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Edit storage variables in the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> configuration file.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/open-file"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Locate the line for the <varname>SERVICED_DM_BASESIZE</varname> variable, and 
              then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/uncomment"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Change the value, if necessary.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Fifty-Percent</varname> with the value that is less than or
                equal to 50% of the size of the thin pool for application data.
                Include the symbol for gigabytes, <codeph>G</codeph>:
              <codeblock>SERVICED_DM_BASESIZE=<varname>Fifty-Percent</varname>G</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/save"><cmd/></substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-step/verify-cfg-settings">
        <cmd/>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
