<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Installing without internet access</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The procedures in this chapter install <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> and <ph keyref="nm-platform"/>
        on one or more Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7.1 or 7.2 hosts, or one or more CentOS 7.1
        or 7.2 hosts. The procedures in this chapter support hosts that do not have internet access.</p>
      
      <p>You may create a single-host or a multi-host deployment. For production use, 
        <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> strongly recommends creating a multi-host deployment that
        includes a minimum of three real or virtual machines. For more information about deploying
        <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> and <ph keyref="nm-platform"/>,
        refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</p>
      
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> requires a common time source. If you have an NTP time server inside
        your firewall, you may configure the hosts in your <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster to use it.
        If not, then you may use the procedures in this chapter to configure an NTP time server on
        the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host, and to configure all the other cluster hosts to
        synchronize with the master. However, the procedures require IP addresses. <b>Therefore, all
          of the hosts in your <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster require static IP addresses</b>.</p>
      
      <note>For optimal results, review this chapter thoroughly before starting the installation process.</note>
      
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
