<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>New features</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 1.3.1 introduces enhancements in the following functional areas:</p>
      <ul>
        <li><!--cc_3423-->The PCS resource agents for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> package includes
          important fixes that improve failover reliability. <ph conkeyref="names/company"/>
          strongly recommends that all high-availability deployments upgrade the installed PCS
          resource agents for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> package to version <ph keyref="lo-version-ra"/>
          as soon as possible. You can upgrade the resource agents without upgrading <ph
            keyref="nm-cc"/>. For more information about upgrading the package, refer to the <cite
            conkeyref="pubs/cite-upgrade-ha"/>.</li>
        <li><!--cc_3452, 3421--> This release includes the new <parmname>serviced</parmname> group
          and changes to the file permissions. To execute the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> command-line
          interface (CLI), you must be the <cmdname>root</cmdname> user or a member of the
            <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> group. For more information, refer to the <cite
            conkeyref="pubs/cite-install"/>.</li>
      </ul>
      <note><!--CC3384 and CC3363-->Before upgrading to <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 1.3.1, you <i>must</i>
        ensure you have sufficient free space in both the thin pool metadata volume and the thin
        pool data volume. The thin pool metadata volume should be at least 1% of the size of the
        thin pool data volume (if created by an earlier version of
        <codeph>serviced-storage</codeph>, it may be smaller). In addition, you must have at least
        3GB of available space in the thin pool data volume, as this is the minimum buffer before an
        emergency shutdown will commence. If less than 3GB is available, you must provision
        additional storage or <codeph>serviced</codeph> will fail to start after the upgrade. See
        the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-upgrade"/> for details.</note>
    </section>
    
  </refbody>
</reference>
