<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Storage (VST) errors</title>
  <refbody>
    <table>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="4*"/>
        <colspec colname="c3" colwidth="4*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Error</entry>
            <entry>Issue</entry>
            <entry>Solution</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry><b>VST01</b></entry>
            <entry>The amount of available swap space is less than the required minimum.</entry>
            <entry>Add space to the swap device or partition.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>VST02</b></entry>
            <entry>Swap is not mounted on a block device or partition.</entry>
            <entry>Add a separate device or partition for swap.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>VST03</b></entry>
            <entry>(Master hosts only) One or both of the following paths do not exist:
              <ul>
                <li><filepath>/opt/serviced/var/backups</filepath></li>
                <li><filepath>/opt/serviced/var/isvcs</filepath></li>
              </ul>
            </entry>
            <entry>Perform one or both of the following procedures:<ul>
              <li><xref keyref="cc-feature-master-storage-backups"/></li>
              <li><xref keyref="cc-feature-master-storage-isvcs"/></li>
            </ul>
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>VST04</b></entry>
            <entry>One or more required mount points do not have the required minimum space. This
              test does not examine space for thin pools.</entry>
            <entry>Add storage as recommended in <xref keyref="cc-install-verify-storage"/>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>VST05</b></entry>
            <entry>One or more required mount points are mounted on the same device or partition.</entry>
            <entry>Add devices or partitions for each required mount point.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><b>VST06</b></entry>
            <entry>The amount of space available on unused block storage devices is not enough
            for the thin pools the specified role requires.</entry>
            <entry>On master hosts, separate devices or partitions are required for thin pools for Docker data and
            application data. On delegate or collector hosts, a separate device is required
            for the Docker data thin pool. For more information, see <xref keyref="cc-install-verify-storage"/>.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </refbody>
</reference>
