<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Delegate host storage requirements</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      
      <p>Like master hosts, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> delegate hosts require high-performance local or
        remote storage. For most deployments, solid-state disk (SSD) devices that are directly
        attached to the host provide an excellent storage solution, and <ph
          conkeyref="names/company"/> recommends them.</p> 
        
      <p>Storage-area network (SAN) systems are also supported. The overall response times and
        configuration of a SAN affect the performance and stability of <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> and
        the application it is managing. <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> recommends using
        only high-performance SAN systems, and assigning separate logical unit numbers (LUNs) 
        for each mounted path.</p>

      <p>In addition to the storage required for its operating system, the typical <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 
        delegate host only requires storage for Docker data. The characteristics of,
        and preparation for, this storage area are identical to those of the master host.</p>
      
      <p>For delegate hosts supporting the recommended multi-host configuration, in which
        the master host is in its own, separate resource pool, two delegate hosts require
        an additional storage area. The area is used for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services
        data, so that the hosts can participate in a ZooKeeper ensemble. The characteristics of,
        and preparation for, this storage area are identical to those of the master host.</p>
      
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
