<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Resource requirements for master and delegate hosts</title>
  <refbody>
    <section id="section_avp_1sq_wx">
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> requires real or virtual  hosts that implement the 64-bit version of
        the x86 instruction set, and support Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7.1 or 7.2 or CentOS
        7.1 or 7.2. You can deploy <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> with multiple hosts or a single
          host.<note>An under-resourced master host cannot function properly. Ensure that you deploy
            <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> and applications on a master host that meets the application's
          minimum requirements.</note></p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_dxs_t1r_wx">
      <title>Multi-host deployments</title>
      <p>For best results, production deployments include one master host and two or more delegate
        hosts. In this configuration, <ul id="ul_m3m_m2r_wx">
          <li>The master host runs in its own, separate resource pool, and runs only <ph
              keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services. Minimum resource requirements for the master host
            are listed in the following table.</li>
          <li>Delegate hosts require resources that are adequate to support all application services
            assigned to the host's resource pool. Identical resources are required for all delegate
            hosts in a resource pool. For more information, refer to your application documentation.
          </li>
        </ul></p>
    </section>
    <section id="section_tbq_hsq_wx">
      <title>Single-host deployments</title>
      <p>In a single-host deployment, the host runs all <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services and
        all application services. Minimum resource requirements for the master host functions are
        listed in the following table. The host also requires adequate resources to support the
        services assigned to the resource pool. For more information, refer to your application
        documentation.</p>
    </section>
    <section>
      <p>
        <table frame="all" rowsep="1" colsep="1" id="table_f3k_31r_wx">
          <title>Minimum resource requirements</title>
          <tgroup cols="3">
            <colspec colname="newCol1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
            <colspec colname="c1" colnum="2" colwidth="1.0*"/>
            <colspec colname="c2" colnum="3" colwidth="1.0*"/>
            <thead>
              <row>
                <entry>Resource</entry>
                <entry>Master, multi-host deployments</entry>
                <entry>Master, single-host deployments</entry>
              </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <row>
                <entry>CPU cores<p>64-bit only; real or virtual that support Advanced Encryption
                    Standard (AES)</p></entry>
                <entry>4</entry>
                <entry>4<p>The actual minimum depends on the application load.</p></entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Random-access memory (RAM)</entry>
                <entry>16GB</entry>
                <entry>20GB<p>The actual minimum depends on the application load.</p></entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Network interface controller (NIC) that supports TCP/IP and IPv4NIC</entry>
                <entry>1</entry>
                <entry>1</entry>
              </row>
            </tbody>
          </tgroup>
        </table>
      </p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
