<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Starting and registering the master host</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to start the master host after upgrading <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> to
      version <ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>. This procedure also includes steps to create and
      register the authentication credentials the master needs for its role as a delegate.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the master host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify the settings in the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> configuration file.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>, and then monitor the startup.</cmd>
        <info>During this startup, <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> invokes <codeph>docker pull</codeph>
          to retrieve its updated images.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl start serviced &#38;&#38; journalctl -u serviced -f -o cat</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Do not proceed to the next step until the following message is displayed:
          <codeblock>Host Master successfully started</codeblock>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Obtain the host ID of the master host.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the host IDs of* all cluster hosts.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>serviced host list | cut -c-85</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Record the host ID of the master host.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create authentication credentials for the master host,
          and register the credentials.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Host-ID</varname> with the 
          host ID of the master host:
          <codeblock>serviced key reset --register <varname>Host-ID</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step importance="optional">
        <cmd>Identify the hosts in the ZooKeeper ensemble.</cmd>
        <info>This step is only required for multi-host deployments.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED_ZK=' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>The result is a list of 3 or 5 hosts, separated by 
          the comma character (<codeph>&#44;</codeph>). The master host
          is always a node in the ZooKeeper ensemble.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
