<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Verifying cluster failover</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>This procedure simulates a failover.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the primary node
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Enable the DRBD secondary node.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Take the secondary node out of standby mode.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <p>Replace <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname> with the public hostname
                of the secondary node:</p>
              <codeblock>pcs cluster unstandby <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Monitor the status of the secondary node.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>pcs status</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>Do not continue until the status of the secondary node is
                <codeph>Online</codeph>.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify that DRBD has completely synchonized all three volumes on the secondary node.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>drbd-overview</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Example result: <codeblock>0:serviced-dfs/0  Connected Primary/Secondary UpToDate/UpToDate
1:serviced-dfs/1  Connected Primary/Secondary UpToDate/UpToDate
2:serviced-dfs/2  Connected Primary/Secondary UpToDate/UpToDate</codeblock>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Force a failover.</cmd>
        <info>Pacemaker initiates a failover when the primary node is put in standby mode.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <p>Replace <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname> with the public hostname
            of the primary node:</p>
          <codeblock>pcs cluster standby <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Monitor the cluster status.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs status</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Repeat the preceding command until all resources report a status of
          <codeph>Started</codeph>. Resolve any issues before continuing.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Restore the cluster.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <p>Replace <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname> with the public hostname
            of the primary node:</p>
          <codeblock>pcs cluster unstandby <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
