<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Starting a ZooKeeper ensemble</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to start a ZooKeeper ensemble.
      
      <p>The window of time for starting a ZooKeeper ensemble is 
        relatively short. The goal of this procedure is to restart
        <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> on each ensemble node at about the 
        same time, so that each node can participate in electing
        the leader.</p>
    </context>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the primary node of the high-availability cluster
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
        <info>To ensure you are logging in to the primary node, use
          the virtual hostname (<varname>HA-Virtual-Name</varname>) or
          virtual IP address (<varname>HA-Virtual-IP</varname>) of the 
          high-availability cluster.</info>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>In a separate window, log in to the second node of the ZooKeeper ensemble
            (<varname>Delegate-A</varname>) <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>In a different window, log in to the third node of the ZooKeeper ensemble
            (<varname>Delegate-B</varname>) <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On the primary node, put the high-availability cluster in standby mode.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs cluster standby --all</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On the primary node, monitor the status of cluster resources.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>watch pcs status</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Monitor the status until all resources report <codeph>Stopped</codeph>.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start the ZooKeeper ensemble nodes.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>On the primary node, start the high-availability cluster.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>pcs cluster unstandby --all</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>On delegate host that are ZooKeeper ensemble nodes, stop and start <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl stop serviced &#38;&#38; systemctl start serviced</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On the primary node, check the status of the ZooKeeper ensemble.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Attach to the container of the ZooKeeper service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>docker exec -it serviced-isvcs_zookeeper /bin/bash</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Query the master host and identify its role in the ensemble.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Master</varname> with the hostname or IP address of the master host:
              <codeblock>{ echo stats; sleep 1; } | nc <varname>Master</varname> 2181 | grep Mode</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The result includes <codeph>leader</codeph> or
              <codeph>follower</codeph>.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Query delegate host A and identify its role in the ensemble.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Delegate-A</varname> with the hostname or IP address of delegate host A:
              <codeblock>{ echo stats; sleep 1; } | nc <varname>Delegate-A</varname> 2181 | grep Mode</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Query delegate host B and identify its role in the ensemble.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Delegate-B</varname> with the hostname or IP address of delegate host B:
              <codeblock>{ echo stats; sleep 1; } | nc <varname>Delegate-B</varname> 2181 | grep Mode</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Detach from the container of the ZooKeeper service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>exit</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
