<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:concept" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="conceptid">
  <title>ZooKeeper and <ph keyref="nm-cc"/></title>
  <conbody>
    <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> relies on <xref keyref="url-zookeeper"/> to
      distribute and manage application services. ZooKeeper maintains the definitions of each 
      service and the list of services assigned to each host. The scheduler, which runs on the
      master host, determines assignments and sends them to the ZooKeeper node that is serving
      as the ensemble leader. The leader replicates the assignments to the other ensemble nodes,
      so that the other nodes can assume the role of leader if the leader node fails.</p>
    
    <p>All of the hosts in a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster retrieve assignments and service
      definitions from the ZooKeeper ensemble leader and then start services in Docker containers as
      required. So, the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> configuration files of all <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster
      hosts must include a definition for the <varname>SERVICED_ZK</varname> variable, which
      specifies the ZooKeeper endpoints of the ensemble nodes. Additional variables are required on
      ensemble nodes.</p>
    
    <p>A ZooKeeper ensemble requires a minimum of three nodes, which is sufficient for most
      environments. An odd number of nodes is recommended and an even number of nodes is strongly
      discouraged. A five-node ensemble improves failover protection during maintenance windows but
      larger ensembles yield no benefits. </p>
    
    <p>The <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host is always an ensemble node. All ensemble nodes should be
      on the same subnet.</p>
    
  </conbody>
</concept>
