<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Updating delegate hosts</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>The default configuration of delegate hosts sets the value of the
        <varname>SERVICED_ZK</varname> variable to the master host only. Use this 
      procedure to update the setting to include all of the hosts in the ZooKeeper
      ensemble. Perform this procedure on each delegate host in your
      <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster.</context>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the delegate 
          host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/zk-define-ips">
        <cmd/>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/zk-set-nodes">
        <cmd/>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Update the variable.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/open-file">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Navigate to the end of the file, and cut the line that contains the
              <varname>SERVICED_ZK</varname> variable declaration at that location.</cmd>
            <info>The value of this declaration specifies three endpoints.</info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Locate the <varname>SERVICED_ZK</varname> variable
              near the beginning of the file, and then delete the line it is on.</cmd>
            <info>The value of this declaration is just the master host.</info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Paste the <varname>SERVICED_ZK</varname> variable declaration
              from the end of the file in the location of the just-deleted declaration.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/save">
            <cmd/>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify the setting.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>egrep '^[^#]*SERVICED_ZK' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>The following example shows the environment variable for a delegate
          host that is not a node in the ZooKeeper cluster:
          <codeblock>SERVICED_ZK=198.51.100.135:2181,198.51.100.136:2181,198.51.100.137:2181</codeblock>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Restart <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl restart serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
