<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Fixed issues</title>
  <refbody>
    <table id="table_uhs_n4q_453">
      <title>Release 1.3.1</title>
      <tgroup cols="2">
        <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="5*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>ID</entry>
            <entry>Description</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-2651</entry>
            <entry><codeph>serviced volume status</codeph> fails and logs <codeph>"can't load a
                volume that uses the base device..."</codeph> to <codeph>serviced</codeph> logs when
              stale metadata entries for old applications are present.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3182</entry>
            <entry>After updating the interface on a host, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> does not display the
              updated interface name.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3207</entry>
            <entry>A restore will fail if the backup has resource pools with VIPs that do not exist
              in the target <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3223</entry>
            <entry>Defect with RHEL 7.3 in certain configurations where disabling the consistent
              network device naming and then restarting will cause inconsistent, changing, or
              missing network device names.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3243</entry>
            <entry><!--CC3423-->A timeout of <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> health checks forces
              failover in a high-availability cluster. This fix is included in the PCS resource
              agents for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> package.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3247</entry>
            <entry>After restoring a backup, only non-virtual IP assignments are restored.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3283</entry>
            <entry><!--CC3423-->The <cmdname>serviced-storage</cmdname> resource agent does not
              deactivate all of the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> storage devices during a failover. This fix
              is included in the PCS resource agents for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> package.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3355</entry>
            <entry>Delegate authentication will fail if the master time is too far ahead of the
              delegate time. Allow for authentication to be less sensitive to time drift.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3359</entry>
            <entry>A flare message should be displayed if a user clicks start/restart button for a
              group of services that are in emergency state.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3362</entry>
            <entry>Services that have been emergency stopped should not have a way to change state
              or status except with the CLI command <codeph>serviced service
                clear-emergency</codeph>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3382</entry>
            <entry>A backup can be started even if there is not enough space to store it.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3396</entry>
            <entry>When using the <codeph>--force-restart</codeph> option, a rollback to a snapshot
              does not automatically start services.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3397</entry>
            <entry>Services with VIP assignments do not move to another available host if the
              timeout is exceeded on an outage.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3404</entry>
            <entry>Backup will fail when remote collectors are unavailable.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </refbody>
</reference>
