<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Resizing the partition</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to resize the partition that contains the 
    <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool.</context>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use the virtual hostname or virtual IP address of the high-availability cluster to log
          in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>In a separate terminal session, log in to the other 
          master host node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>On both nodes, inform the kernel of the partition table change that occurred when
          the size of the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool device was increased.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>partprobe</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On both nodes, confirm the size increase of the raw device.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>lsblk -ap --output=NAME,SIZE,TYPE,FSTYPE,MOUNTPOINT</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <info>Subordinate device sizes are unchanged.</info>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On both nodes, recreate the partition of the raw device.</cmd>
        <info>The following substeps assume that the raw device has a single
        partition that contains all of the space in the device. If you are using
        a different layout, adjust the procedure as required.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Start the disk partition utility.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Raw-Device</varname> with the path of 
              the raw device associated with <filepath>/dev/drbd2</filepath>
              or its equivalent in your environment:
              <codeblock>fdisk <varname>Raw-Device</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the partition table.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>p</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Delete the partition table.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>d</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a new partition table.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>n</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>Accept the defaults to create a new primary partition, and for the 
            starting and ending cylinders of the partition. The starting cylinder should
            match the starting cylinder displayed previously. The ending cylinder should
            be greater than the ending cylinder displayed previously.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Write the new partition table, and then exit the disk partition utility.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>w</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On both nodes, confirm the size increase of the partition.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>lsblk -ap --output=NAME,SIZE,TYPE,FSTYPE,MOUNTPOINT</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <info>The subordinate device size should be larger.</info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
