<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Starting the cluster</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to start cluster services.</context>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use the virtual hostname or virtual IP address of the high-availability cluster to log
          in to the primary master node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>In a separate terminal session, log in to the secondary 
          master node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start DRBD.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>On the primary node, start DRBD.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>drbdadm up all</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The following example output is expected:
              <codeblock>Moving the internal meta data to its proper location
Internal drbd meta data successfully moved.</codeblock>
            </stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>On the secondary node, start DRBD.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>drbdadm up all</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The output of this command should match the output on the primary node.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>On both nodes, confirm that the DRBD device for 
            the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool is larger.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>lsblk -ap --output=NAME,SIZE,TYPE,FSTYPE,MOUNTPOINT</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On the primary node, wait for disks to synchronize.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>watch drbd-overview</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Do not proceed until the status of all 
          devices is <codeph>UpToDate/UpToDate</codeph>.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On the primary node, start cluster services for the distributed file system.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs cluster unstandby --all</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Confirm the identity of the primary node.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs status</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On the primary node, resize the volume group that
          contains the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Identify the volume group that contains the
              <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>lvs --options=lv_name,vg_name,lv_size</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>Typically, the logical volume is <codeph>serviced-pool</codeph>
              and the containing volume group is <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display information about the volume group.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Volume-Group</varname> with the
              name of the volume group identified in the previous substep:
              <codeblock>vgdisplay <varname>Volume-Group</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Identify the DRBD disk associated with the
            serviced thin pool.</cmd>
            <info>Typically, the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool device
              is associated with <filepath>/dev/drbd2</filepath>. To verify
              the configuration in your environment, review 
              <filepath>/etc/drbd.d/serviced-dfs.res</filepath>.</info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Resize the volume group.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>DRBD-Device</varname> with the
              DRBD device associated with the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool:
              <codeblock>pvresize <varname>DRBD-Device</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display information about the volume group.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Volume-Group</varname> with the
              name of the volume group identified in the previous substep:
              <codeblock>vgdisplay <varname>Volume-Group</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The size of the volume group should be larger.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On the primary node, resize the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Start the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> group cluster services.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>pcs resource enable serviced-group</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add space to the data storage area 
              of the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>In the following command:
              <ul>
                <li>Replace <varname>Total-Size</varname> with the sum of the existing device size plus
                  the space to add to the device, in gigabytes. Include the units identifier,
                  <codeph>G</codeph>.</li>
                <li>Replace <varname>Volume-Group</varname> with the 
                  name of the LVM volume group identified in the previous step.</li>
                <li>Replace <varname>Logical-Volume</varname> with the name of the logical volume
                  identified in the previous step.</li>
              </ul>
              <codeblock>lvextend -L+<varname>Total-Size</varname>G <varname>Volume-Group</varname>/<varname>Logical-Volume</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display information about LVM logical volumes on the host.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>lvs --options=lv_name,vg_name,lv_size</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The result should show the larger size of the logical volume.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On the primary node, start the storage resource.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Start the storage service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>pcs resource enable serviced-storage</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Confirm that the service started correctly.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>pcs status</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step importance="optional">
        <cmd>Increase the size of the application tenant volume, if desired.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the device mapper name of the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED_DM_THINPOOLDEV' /etc/default/serviced \
  | sed -e 's/.*=//'</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <info>Typically, the name is <codeph>/dev/mapper/serviced-serviced--pool</codeph>.</info>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Increase the size of the tenant device.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>In the following command: <ul>
              <li>Replace <varname>Device-Mapper-Name</varname> with the device mapper name of the
                thin pool.</li>
              <li>Replace <varname>Tenant-ID</varname> with the identifier of the tenant
                device.</li>
              <li>Replace <varname>Total-Size</varname> with the sum of the existing device size plus
                the space to add to the device, in gigabytes. Include the units identifier,
                <codeph>G</codeph>.</li>
            </ul>
              <codeblock>serviced-storage resize -d /opt/serviced/var/volumes \
  -o dm.thinpooldev=<varname>Device-Mapper-Name</varname> <varname>Tenant-ID</varname> <varname>Total-Size</varname>G</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
