<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Stopping the cluster</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to stop the applications that <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>
    is managing, <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> itself, and cluster services.</context>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use the virtual hostname or virtual IP address of the high-availability cluster to log
          in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="cc-feature-manage-stop-1/stop-app">
        <cmd></cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Disable <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs resource disable serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Stop <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> on all delegate hosts.</cmd>
        <info><ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-int"/> 
          <xref keyref="cc-feature-manage-stop-n-delegate"/>.</info>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Disable additional resources.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Disable storage resources.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>pcs resource disable serviced-storage</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Disable the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> group.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>pcs resource disable serviced-group</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Confirm that all resources are stopped, and identify the master node.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Confirm that all resources are stopped.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>watch pcs status</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Identify the master node.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>uname -n</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Disable replication.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs cluster standby --all</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>In a separate terminal session, log in to the other 
          master host node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On both master host nodes, confirm that replication is disabled.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>drbd-overview</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>The output should match the following example:
          <codeblock>0:serviced-dfs/0  Unconfigured . .
1:serviced-dfs/1  Unconfigured . .
2:serviced-dfs/2  Unconfigured . .</codeblock>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On both master host nodes, display the size of 
          the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool device.</cmd>
        <info>Typically, the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> thin pool device
          is associated with <filepath>/dev/drbd2</filepath>. To verify
          the configuration in your environment, review 
          <filepath>/etc/drbd.d/serviced-dfs.res</filepath>.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>lsblk -ap --output=NAME,SIZE,TYPE,FSTYPE,MOUNTPOINT</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <info>None of devices listed in the output should include subordinate DRBD devices.</info>
      </step>
      
    </steps>
    <postreq>When this procedure is complete, add storage to the device
      that contains the serviced thin pool. For more information, refer to your
    operating system or hypervisor documentation. Perform the procedure on
    both master host nodes.</postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
