<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:concept" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="conceptid">
  <title>Terminology, internal services, and concepts</title>
  <shortdesc>This section defines <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> terminology, internal services that enable
      <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> to function, and concepts that are used in this guide and other
    documentation.</shortdesc>
  <conbody>
    <p>
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>application</dt>
          <dd>One or more software services packaged in Docker containers.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>delegate host</dt>
          <dd>A host that runs the application services scheduled for the resource pool to which it
            belongs. A system can be configured as delegate or master.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Docker Community Edition (Docker CE, or just Docker)</dt>
          <dd>An open-source application for building, shipping, and running distributed
            applications. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Elasticsearch</dt>
          <dd>(<ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal service)  A distributed, real-time search and analytics
            engine. <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> uses it to index log files and store service
            definitions.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Kibana</dt>
          <dd>(<ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal service) A browser-based user interface that enables
            the display and search of Elasticsearch databases, including the log files that <ph
              keyref="nm-cc"/> monitors.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>Logstash</dt>
          <dd>(<ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal service) A log file collector and aggregator that
            forwards parsed log file entries to Elasticsearch.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>master host</dt>
          <dd>The host that runs the application services scheduler, the Docker registry, the
            distributed file system, and other internal services, including the HTTP server for the
              <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> browser interface and application browser interface. A system can
            be configured as delegate or master. Only one <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> host
            can be the master.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>OpenTSDB</dt>
          <dd>(<ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal service) A time series database that <ph keyref="nm-cc"
            /> uses to store its service performance metrics.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>resource pool</dt>
          <dd>A collection of one or more hosts, each with its own compute, network, and storage
            resources. All of the hosts in a resource pool must have identical hardware resources,
            and must be located in the same data center and on the same subnet. If a resource pool
            host is a hypervisor guest system, all of the hosts in the resource pool must be guests
            of the same hypervisor host system.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>service</dt>
          <dd>A process and its supporting files that <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> runs in a single
            container to provide specific functionality as part of an application. </dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>serviced</dt>
          <dd>The name of the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> service and a command-line client for interacting
            with the service.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>tenant</dt>
          <dd>An application that <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> manages.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>ZooKeeper (<xref keyref="url-zookeeper"/>)</dt>
          <dd>(<ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal service) A centralized service that <ph keyref="nm-cc"
            /> uses for configuration maintenance, naming, distributed synchronization, and
            providing group services.</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </p>
  </conbody>
</concept>
