<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference
  PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="d21e128">
  <title>Typical Usage Scenarios for Distributed Monitoring</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The correct distributed strategy for your environment depends on network security
        restrictions, as well as scale. Contact <ph conkeyref="names/support"/> if you are unsure
        which option best suits your enterprise.</p>
      <p>Typical setup scenarios for using multiple hubs and collectors are shown in the following
        table:</p>
      <table>
        <title>Distributed Monitoring Use Scenarios</title>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colwidth="7*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Hub </entry>
              <entry>Collector </entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Local hub</entry>
              <entry>Local collector</entry>
              <entry>This setup requires only a single server, and is the most common <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> deployment type. You would most likely use this
                configuration if you need to monitor fewer than 1000 devices, and your master <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> server has direct network access to all of the
                monitored devices.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Local hub</entry>
              <entry>Remote collector</entry>
              <entry>This setup requires two servers, and is the most basic distributed setup. The
                primary benefit of this configuration over the local hub/local collector
                configuration is that the master server does no collection. This frees resources,
                optimizing the server's ability to perform its central role of database server and
                Web interface.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Local hub</entry>
              <entry>Multiple remote collectors</entry>
              <entry>This is the most common distributed <ph keyref="nm-platform"/>
                configuration. You might use this configuration to scale <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> to monitor more than 1000 devices. Depending on the
                hardware of the collectors, it is possible to monitor up to 1000 devices for each
                collector using this configuration. You might also use this configuration to handle
                differing network security policies. Often, your master <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> server will not have access to all of the devices you
                need to monitor. In this case you can set up a remote collector with the required
                network access.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Multiple remote hubs</entry>
              <entry>Multiple remote collectors</entry>
              <entry>This configuration is for large installations only. For cases in which you have
                more than five collectors, you should consider deploying one or more hub servers to
                handle them.</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
