<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="concept">
  <title>Change history</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The following list associates document part numbers and the important 
        changes to this guide since the previous release. Some of the changes 
        involve features or content, but others do not. For information about 
        new or changed features, refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-notes"/>.</p>
      
      <!-- Use the lo-build-date variable through finals. Then, replace it with
           the published build number and use the variable only in the version
           in development. 
        -->
      <dl>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>1322.17.313 (1.4.2)</dt>
          <dd>Replace Docker CE 17.03.1 with 17.09.0.</dd>
          <dd>Add RHEL/CentOS 7.4; remove RHEL/CentOS 7.1.</dd>
          <dd>Add the specific port numbers required for DRBD to the Planning chapter.</dd>
          <dd>Add a step for configuring SELinux policies to the DRBD chapter.</dd>
          <dd>Remove a duplicate NTP configuration step from the delegate installation procedure.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>1322.17.268</dt>
          <dd>Update release number (1.4.1).</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>1322.17.242</dt>
          <dd>Add a new storage requirement, for audit logs. <ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-int"/>
            <xref keyref="cc-install-ha-plan-storage"/>.</dd>
          <dd>Change the <codeph>on</codeph> stanza in the DRBD configuration file
              (<filepath>/etc/drbd.d/global_common.conf</filepath>) to use hostnames instead of IP
            addresses.</dd>
          <dd>Remove the <codeph>-y</codeph> parameter from all <cmdname>yum</cmdname> command
            invocations.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>1322.17.206</dt>
          <dd>Update the <varname>SERVICED_DOCKER_REGISTRY</varname>
            configuration steps to ensure the correct value is set.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>1322.17.171</dt>
          <dd>Update release number (1.3.3)</dd>
          <dd>Replace Docker 1.12.1 with Docker CE 17.03.1.</dd>
          <dd>Remove step for disabling SELinux.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>1322.17.122</dt>
          <dd>Update release number (1.3.2)</dd>
          <dd>Move the step for loading Docker images to the next procedure.</dd>
        </dlentry>
        <dlentry>
          <dt>1322.17.100</dt>
          <dd>Initial release (1.3.1).</dd>
        </dlentry>
      </dl>
    </section>
    
  </refbody>
</reference>
