<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Networking requirements</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      
      <p>On startup, Docker creates the <codeph>docker0</codeph> virtual interface and selects an
        unused IP address and subnet (typically, 172.17.0.1/16) to assign to the interface. The
        virtual interface is used as a virtual Ethernet bridge, and automatically forwards packets
        among real and virtual interfaces attached to it. The host and all of its containers
        communicate among one another through this virtual bridge. </p>
      
      <p>Docker can only check directly-connected routes, so the subnet it chooses for the virtual
        bridge may be inappropriate for your environment. To customize the virtual bridge subnet, refer
        to Docker's <xref keyref="url-docker-net-config">advanced network configuration</xref>
        article.</p>
      
      <p product="open rm">The default configurations of firewall utilities such as 
        <xref keyref="url-firewalld">FirewallD</xref> include 
        rules that can conflict with Docker, and therefore, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> and 
        <ph keyref="nm-platform"/>. The following interactions illustrate the conflicts:</p>
      
      <p product="ucs">The <xref keyref="url-firewalld">FirewallD</xref> utility includes 
        rules that can conflict with Docker, and therefore, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> and 
        <ph keyref="nm-platform"/>. The following interactions illustrate the conflicts:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>The <cmdname>firewalld</cmdname> daemon removes the DOCKER chain
          from <cmdname>iptables</cmdname> when it starts or restarts.</li>
        <li>Under <cmdname>systemd</cmdname>, <cmdname>firewalld</cmdname> is started before Docker.
          However, if you start or restart <cmdname>firewalld</cmdname> while Docker is running, you
          need to restart Docker.</li>
      </ul>
      
      <p product="open rm">If you are using a firewall utlity, please ensure that it does not conflict with Docker.</p>
      
      <p product="ucs">By default, <cmdname>firewalld</cmdname> is disabled. If you wish to enable it,
        please ensure that it does not conflict with Docker.</p>
      
      <p>If you are not using a firewall utlity, your firewall settings may still
        prevent communications over the Docker virtual bridge. This occurs when <cmdname>iptables</cmdname>
        INPUT rules restrict most traffic. To ensure that the bridge works properly, append an 
        INPUT rule to your <cmdname>iptables</cmdname> configuration that allows traffic on
        the bridge subnet. For example, if <codeph>docker0</codeph> is bound to 
        172.17.42.1/16, then the following, non-specific command ensures that the bridge works.</p>
      
      <codeblock>iptables -A INPUT -d 172.17.0.0/16 -j ACCEPT</codeblock>
      
      <note>The preceding command is only an example. Please consult your networking specialist
      before modifying your <cmdname>iptables</cmdname> configuration.</note>
    </section>
    
    <section>
      
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Additional requirements</title>
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> requires a 16-bit, private IPv4 network for virtual 
        IP addresses. The default network is 10.3/16. If the default network is
        already in use in your environment, you may select any valid IPv4 16-bit address space
        during installation.</p>
     
      <p>This release of <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> relies on Network File System (NFS) for its
        distributed file system implementation. For this reason, hosts in a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 
        cluster may not run a general-purpose NFS server, and all hosts
        require NFS.</p>
      
      <p>All hosts in <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> resource pools must:</p>
        <ul>
          <li>be able to resolve the hostnames of all other resource pool hosts to IPv4 addresses
            (for example, if the public IP address of your host is 192.0.2.1, then the
            <cmdname>hostname -i</cmdname> command should return 192.0.2.1)</li>
          <li>respond with an IPv4 address other than <codeph>127.x.x.x</codeph> when
            <userinput>ping <varname>Hostname</varname></userinput> is invoked</li>
          <li>return a unique result from the <cmdname>hostid</cmdname> command</li>
        </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
