<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Operating system requirements</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> and <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> require the 64-bit<xref
          href="os.ditamap" format="ditamap"/> version of the following Linux distributions.</p>
        <ul>
          <li>Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) 7.1 or 7.2</li>
          <li>CentOS 7.1 or 7.2</li>
        </ul>
        <p>All versions of the Linux kernel included in these releases, and all
        subsequent updates, are supported. However, <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> encourages you
        to keep the kernel up-to-date.</p>
      
      <!-- 
      <note>All hosts in a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster must use the same release
        of RHEL or CentOS. Likewise, all cluster hosts must use only RHEL or
        only CentOS.</note>
         -->
      
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> and <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> are tested on
        operating system platforms that are installed and configured with standard options.</p>

      <p>The RHEL/CentOS 7.x distributions provide a variety of server configurations. Docker and
        <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> are  tested and supported the Minimal Install configuration,
        when the NFS and NTP packages are installed as well.</p>
      
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> relies on the system clock to synchronize its actions. The
        installation procedures include steps to add the Network Time Protocol (NTP) daemon to all
        hosts. By default, the NTP daemon synchronizes the system clock by communicating with
        standard time servers available on the internet. You may configure the daemon to use a
        timeserver in your environment, instead.</p>
      
      <note>Because of the reliance on the system clock, pausing a virtual machine that belongs to a
        <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster is not supported.</note>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
