<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Snapshot and rollback</title>
  <shortdesc>From the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> command-line interface, you can perform snapshot and
    rollback. </shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>Backups are the most reliable and durable way to preserve your Docker images and
        configurations. However, taking a backup of an entire application is not always practical,
        and you need to safeguard against potential risk when changing your system. In these cases,
        you can take a snapshot of the system.</p>
    </section>
    <p>Snapshot functionality provides a time- and space-efficient method of copying data. You can
      take a snapshot whenever you need a save point for your Docker image, such as before
      committing container changes. When you take a snapshot, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> creates a tag for
      the Docker image of each service with metadata about the data. <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> takes a
      separate snapshot of the LVM thin pool, which stores both application data and snapshots of
      the data.</p>
    <p>Snapshots are intended to serve as short-term save points only, and therefore have a default
      time-to-live (TTL) value of 12 hours. If you need to keep a snapshot beyond the TTL, you can
      tag the snapshot to prevent it from being deleted after the TTL expires. For data that you
      need to save long-term, (historical backup), take full backups instead of snapshots. </p>
    <p>You can use the rollback functionality to go back to a snapshot image. For example, roll back
      if changes to an application cause a failure or other degradation. Rolling back returns the
      application and distributed file system to the state that existed at the time of the snapshot. </p>
    <!--CC_695-->
    <note>Rolling back from a snapshot does not remove services that you added after taking the
      snapshot. That is, if you take a snapshot, add a service, and then roll back, the service
      remains on the system; it is not deleted as part of the roll back.</note>
    <p>
      <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> uses <i>thin provisioning</i>, which enables it to take snapshots of the
      application data volume. Thin provisioning is a virtualization method that allocates data
      blocks only when data is written (copy-on-write). </p>
   <p>Because snapshots track changes to the file system over time, their space requirements
      expand incrementally as application data changes. Application data and snapshots share the
      same base device; therefore, ensure that snapshots do not fill up the base device storage. For
      information about extending storage, see <xref keyref="help-admin-extend"/>.</p>
  </refbody>
</reference>
