<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Verifying the Pacemaker configuration</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>This procedure reviews the resource and property defaults for Pacemaker.</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the primary node
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Check resource defaults.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs resource defaults</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Example result: <codeblock>resource-stickiness: 100</codeblock>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Check property defaults.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs property</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Example result: <codeblock>Cluster Properties:
 cluster-infrastructure: corosync
 cluster-name: serviced-ha
 dc-version: 1.1.12-a14efad
 have-watchdog: false
 no-quorum-policy: ignore
 stonith-enabled: false</codeblock>
          <note>Set the <codeph>stonith-enabled</codeph> option to <codeph>false</codeph> only
            during the initial setup and testing period. For production use, set it to
              <codeph>true</codeph>. For more information about fencing, see
            <xref keyref="cc-install-ha-plan-plan"/>.</note>
        </stepresult>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Review the resource constraints.</cmd>
        <info>The ordering constraint should show that <codeph>serviced-group</codeph> 
          starts after <codeph>DFSMaster</codeph> (the DRBD master). The colocation constraint should show
          that <codeph>serviced-group</codeph> resource and <codeph>DFSMaster</codeph> are on the same
          active cluster node.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs constraint</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Example result:
          <codeblock>Location Constraints:
Ordering Constraints:
  promote DFSMaster then start serviced-group (kind:Mandatory)
Colocation Constraints:
  serviced-group with DFSMaster (score:INFINITY) (with-rsc-role:Master)</codeblock>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Review the ordering of the <codeph>serviced-group</codeph> resource group.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs resource show --full</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>
          <p>The resources in a resource group are started in the order they appear in the group,
            and stopped in the reverse order they appear in the group. The correct start order
            is:</p>
          <ol>
            <li>serviced-isvcs</li>
            <li>serviced-volumes</li>
            <li>serviced-lvm</li>
            <li>serviced-storage</li>
            <li>VirtualIP</li>
            <li>Docker</li>
            <li>nfs</li>
            <li>serviced</li>
          </ol>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
