<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Configuring Docker Engine</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to configure Docker Engine.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create a new Docker Engine drop-in file.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a directory for the drop-in file, if necessary.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>test -d /etc/systemd/system/docker.service.d \
  || mkdir -p /etc/systemd/system/docker.service.d</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a backup of the drop-in file, if it exists.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>test -f /etc/systemd/system/docker.service.d/docker.conf \
  &#38;&#38; cp -p /etc/systemd/system/docker.service.d/docker.conf \
  /etc/systemd/system/docker.service.d/docker.conf.bak</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create the new file.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>cat &#60;&#60;EOF > /etc/systemd/system/docker.service.d/docker.conf
[Service]
TimeoutSec=300
EnvironmentFile=-/etc/sysconfig/docker
ExecStart=
ExecStart=/usr/bin/dockerd \$OPTIONS
TasksMax=infinity
EOF</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Reload the <cmdname>systemd</cmdname> manager configuration.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl daemon-reload</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Configure and start the Docker Engine service.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a variable for the name of the Docker Engine thin pool.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <p>Replace <varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname> with the name of the
                thin pool device, identified in a previous step:</p>
              <codeblock>myPool="/dev/mapper/<varname>Thin-Pool-Device</varname>"</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create variables for adding arguments to the Docker Engine environment file. The
              <codeph>--exec-opt</codeph> argument is a workaround for <xref
                keyref="url-docker-17653">a Docker issue</xref> on RHEL/CentOS 7.x systems.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>myDriver="--storage-driver devicemapper"
myLog="--log-level=error"
myFix="--exec-opt native.cgroupdriver=cgroupfs"
myMount="--storage-opt dm.mountopt=discard"
myFlag="--storage-opt dm.thinpooldev=$myPool"</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add the arguments to the Docker Engine environment file.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>echo 'OPTIONS="'$myLog $myDriver $myFix $myMount $myFlag'"' \
  &#62;&#62; /etc/sysconfig/docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Start or restart Docker.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl restart docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The startup may take up to a minute as Docker Engine updates the storage
              layout.</stepresult>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="cc-feature-lib-tasks/docker-dns-flag">
        <cmd/>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Compare the previous version of the Docker Engine environment file
        with the new version, and add any customizations for your deployment to the new version.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>diff /etc/sysconfig/docker /etc/sysconfig/docker.bak</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <info>If you change this file, restart Docker Engine 
          with <userinput>systemctl restart docker</userinput>.</info>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
