<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Updating to Docker CE</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to update Docker to Docker Community Edition (Docker CE) version <ph
        keyref="lo-version-docker"/>.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Remove the Docker repository description file.</cmd>
        <info>Docker CE uses a different file.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>rm -f /etc/yum.repos.d/docker.repo</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Update the Linux kernel, if necessary.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Determine which kernel version is installed.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>uname -r</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>If the result is lower than <codeph>3.10.0-327.22.2.el7.x86_64</codeph>,
              perform the following substeps.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Disable automatic start of <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl disable serviced</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Update the kernel, and then restart the host.</cmd>
            <info>The following commands require internet access or a local mirror of operating
              system packages.</info>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>yum makecache fast &#38;&#38; yum update -y kernel &#38;&#38; reboot</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Log in <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Enable automatic start of <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl enable serviced</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Install the Docker CE repository description file.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>cat &#60;&#60;EOF &#62; /etc/yum.repos.d/docker-ce.repo
[docker-ce-stable]
name=Docker CE Stable - \$basearch
baseurl=https://download.docker.com/linux/centos/7/\$basearch/stable
enabled=1
gpgcheck=1
gpgkey=https://download.docker.com/linux/centos/gpg
EOF</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Identify the name of the LVM thin pool for Docker.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>docker info 2>/dev/null | grep 'Pool Name'</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Example result:
          <codeblock> Pool Name: docker-docker--pool</codeblock>
          <p>Record the name for use in a subsequent step.</p>
        </stepresult>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Back up the Docker environment file.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>test -f /etc/sysconfig/docker \
  &#38;&#38; mv /etc/sysconfig/docker /etc/sysconfig/docker.bak</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Stop the Docker service.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl stop docker</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Remove Docker 1.9.0 without checking dependencies.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>rpm -e --nodeps docker-engine-1.9.0</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Install Docker CE <ph keyref="lo-version-docker"/>.</cmd>
        <stepxmp><b>With internet access:</b>
          <codeblock>yum clean all &#38;&#38; yum makecache fast
yum install -y --setopt=obsoletes=0 \
  docker-ce-<ph keyref="lo-version-docker"/>.ce-1.el7.centos \
  docker-ce-selinux-<ph keyref="lo-version-docker"/>.ce-1.el7.centos</codeblock>

        </stepxmp>
        <stepxmp><b>Without internet access:</b><!-- cc_3377 -->
          <codeblock>yum install -y --disablerepo=\* --enablerepo=zenoss-mirror \
  docker-ce-<ph keyref="lo-version-docker"/>.ce</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Disable unintended Docker CE updates.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Open <filepath>/etc/yum.repos.d/docker-ce.repo</filepath> with a text editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Change the value of the <codeph>enabled</codeph> key from <codeph>1</codeph> to
                <codeph>0</codeph>.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Save the file, and then close the text editor.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>

    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
