<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Updating delegate hosts with authentication</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>Starting with version 1.3.0, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> requires authentication tokens for all
        delegate communications. The tokens are based on RSA key pairs created by the master
          <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> instance. When you create a key pair for a delegate,
          <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> bundles its public key with the delegate's private key. The
          <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> instance on the delegate installs the credentials and uses
        them to sign messages with the required unique tokens.</p>
      
      <p>Credentials are installed by using an SSH connection or a file.</p>
      <ul>
        <li>The command to create a key pair can initiate an SSH connection with a delegate and
          install credentials. This option is the most secure, because no file is created. However,
          it requires either public key authentication or password authentication between the master
          and delegate hosts.</li>
        <li>When no SSH connection is requested, the command to create a key pair creates a file
          containing the credentials. You can move the credentials file to the delegate host with
          any file transfer method, and then install it on the delegate.</li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>The following procedures demonstrate how to create credentials and install them on a delegate.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
