<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Starting and registering the master host (multi-host deployment)</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to start the master host in a multi-host deployment after upgrading
        <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> to version <ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>. This procedure also includes
      steps to create and register the authentication credentials the master needs for its role as a
      delegate.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the master host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Determine whether <codeph>serviced</codeph> is configured to start
          when the system starts.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl is-enabled serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the result is <codeph>enabled</codeph>, proceed to the next step.</choice>
          <choice>If the result is <codeph>disabled</codeph>, enter the following command:
          <codeblock>systemctl enable serviced</codeblock>
          </choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify the settings in the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> configuration file.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Configure the master host to start independent of the ZooKeeper ensemble.</cmd>
        <info>This step simplifies the process of registering the master host
          and its effect is temporary&#8212;a subsequent step restores the configuration file.</info>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create a backup of the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> configuration file.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>cp -p /etc/default/serviced /etc/default/serviced.tmp</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Append a new declaration for the <varname>SERVICED_ZK</varname> variable.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>echo "SERVICED_ZK=$(hostname -i):2181" >> /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Start <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>, and then monitor the startup.</cmd>
        <info>During this startup, <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> invokes <codeph>docker pull</codeph>
          to retrieve its updated images.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl start serviced &#38;&#38; journalctl -u serviced -f -o cat</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Do not proceed to the next step until the following message is displayed:
          <codeblock>Host Master successfully started</codeblock>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Obtain the host ID of the master host.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the host IDs of all cluster hosts.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>serviced host list | cut -c-85</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Record the host ID of the master host.</cmd>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create authentication credentials for the master host,
          and register the credentials.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Host-ID</varname> with the 
          host ID of the master host:
          <codeblock>serviced key reset --register <varname>Host-ID</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Restore the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> configuration 
          file, and then restart the service.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Restore the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> configuration file.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>mv /etc/default/serviced.tmp /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Restart the service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl daemon-reload &#38;&#38; systemctl start serviced \
  &#38;&#38; journalctl -u serviced -f -o cat</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Identify the hosts in the ZooKeeper ensemble.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED_ZK=' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>The result is a list of 3 or 5 hosts, separated by 
          the comma character (<codeph>&#44;</codeph>). The master host
          is always a node in the ZooKeeper ensemble.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
