<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Creating a swap partition</title>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>To perform this procedure, you need:
      <ul>
        <li>A host with one or more local disks, with at least one unused primary partition.</li>
        <li>The password of the <codeph>root</codeph> account on the host, or of a user that is a
          member of the <codeph>sudo</codeph> or <codeph>wheel</codeph> group.</li>
      </ul>
    </prereq>
    <context>Perform this procedure to configure a primary partition on a local disk as swap space.
      Typically, configuring one swap partition or swap file on each local disk maximizes swap space
      performance. <note>This procedure does not use Logical Volume Manager (LVM) tools to create a
        swap space. For more information about LVM, refer to your operating system
        documentation.</note></context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the target host <ph conkeyref="login-as/root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Identify one or more primary partitions for use as swap space.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>lsblk -p --output=NAME,SIZE,TYPE,FSTYPE,MOUNTPOINT</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create and enable swap space on each target primary partition.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Disable swapping on all swap devices.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>swapoff -a</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Create swap space.</cmd>
            <info>Repeat the following command for each primary partition to use as swap
              space.</info>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Device</varname> with the path of a primary partition:
              <codeblock>mkswap <varname>Device</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Update the file system table.</cmd>
            <info>Repeat the following command for each swap partition created in the previous substep.</info>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Device</varname> with the path of a swap partition:
              <codeblock>echo "<varname>Device</varname>  swap  swap  defaults  0  0" >> /etc/fstab</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Enable swapping on all swap devices.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>swapon -a</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
