<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid2qmbdpw7">
  <title>Best practices for backup and restore</title>
  <!--This has the same content as best-practice.dita, but with non_ucs info labeled with product=cc so that this info is not included in the ucs builds when dox.cc is incorporated into dox.platform -CG -->
  <shortdesc>Review considerations and best practices that apply to application backup and
    restore.</shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>
        <ul id="ul_dqb_hrg_lx">
          <li>Ensure that you have enough free space to receive and store backups. Running low on
            available disk space results in errors and affects system performance. </li>
          <li>To provide a historical archive, back up on a regular schedule. Back up as needed when
            you perform less-frequent tasks such as moving data from one instance to another or
            duplicating an instance for testing or failover purposes.</li>
          <li>Before upgrading or testing an application, ensure that you have a recent backup that
            successfully restores. </li>
          <li>Regularly back up the production environment and potentially the system from the
            initial deployment. </li>
          <li>Back up to a nonactive resource target, such as a separate disaster recovery system or
            test environment. </li>
          <li>Store backups on a machine other than the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master. </li>
          <li>Copy or migrate backups to an off-system location for safekeeping and to help regulate
            storage space usage on the master.</li>
          <li product="cc">Backups that were created using <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 1.0.x cannot be
            restored in <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 1.1.x or later. </li>
          <li product="cc">In <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 1.2.x and later, you can restore backups that
            were created using <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 1.1.x or later.</li>
          <li>You can restore a backup to the system on which it was created or to an alternate
            system. When restoring a backup from one system to an alternate system, ensure that <ul
              id="ul_bj3_css_nx">
              <li>The alternate system mirrors at least one device from the backed-up system.</li>
              <li>Services that were added to the alternate system by a previous restore have been
                manually deleted.</li>
            </ul></li>
          <li>Frequently test restoring from a backup to ensure that the backup restores
            successfully, and that the restored system is an accurate representation of the state of
            the deployment when the backup was performed.</li>
          <li>Restoring from a backup file does not remove services that were added after taking the
            backup. That is, if you create a backup, add a service, and then restore from the
            backup, the service is not deleted as part of the restore process.</li>
          <li>If an outage occurs during a restore from a backup, you can resume the restore because
              <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> preserves complete data on the system. For example, if two of six
            backed up snapshots are restored before an outage, when you resume the restore, those
            two snapshots are saved on the system, and are not downloaded again.</li>
        </ul>
      </p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
