<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Backing up and restoring</title>
  <shortdesc>Use <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> to back up applications that <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> manages.
    Having accurate and tested system backups can mitigate problems caused by software or hardware
    issues. </shortdesc>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>Backups include the current state of the system, the state of all services, configuration
        information, and application data.  The backup process leverages snapshot functionality.
        Therefore, when a backup is running, you can start and restart services; there is no need to
        shut down the application or Docker containers. The services are only momentarily suspended
        to enable reading the data.</p>
      <p>You can back up and restore applications by using the browser interface or the command-line
        interface (CLI). Results are comparable; however, the CLI offers an option to exclude
        subdirectories from a backup.</p>
      <p>The <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> backup process creates a compressed tar archive file
          (<filepath>.tgz</filepath>) that can be restored on the same cluster or a similar cluster.
          <!-- CC_3333 --><ph id="backup-space-est">Before starting a backup, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
          estimates the size of the backup file and compares it to the amount of free space. If
          storage space is insufficient, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> does not start a backup.</ph></p>
      <p>The default directory for backup files is <filepath>/opt/serviced/var/backups</filepath>.
        The directory can be changed by specifying the <varname>SERVICED_BACKUPS_PATH</varname>
        environment variable in the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> configuration file,
          <filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath>.</p>
      <p>When a full backup is not necessary, such as when you need a checkpoint before installing
        software, you can perform a snapshot of the system. If you need to revert back to a
        snapshot, use the rollback feature. You use the CLI to perform snapshot and rollback. </p>
      <p>With both backup and snapshot, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
        <ul id="ul_iyk_cq1_jx">
          <li>Creates a tag for the Docker image of each service with metadata about the application
            data.</li>
          <li>Creates a separate snapshot of the LVM thin pool, which stores both application data
            and snapshots of the application data.</li>
        </ul>
        </p>
      <p>When you create a backup, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> also exports the snapshots to an archive
        file and moves them out of the LVM thin pool. Backups do not affect time-to-live (TTL).</p>
      <p>For more information, see <xref keyref="cc-feature-manage-snapshot-rollback"/> and <xref
        keyref="cc-feature-cli-cli"/>.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
