<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> audit logging</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> service writes messages to an audit log file on the master
        host when configuration changes occur in the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> cluster. The messages record 
        the time, user identity, and information about the change in plain text.</p>
        
      <p>The default location of the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> audit log file is
          <filepath>/var/log/serviced</filepath>. The location is determined by the 
          <varname>SERVICED_LOG_PATH</varname> variable in
          <filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath>. The log file name is
          <filepath>serviced-audit.log</filepath>.</p>
      
      <p>The <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> audit log directory contains additional files:<ul>
          <li><filepath>serviced.access.log</filepath> records HTTP/S requests and is always
            present.</li>
          <li><filepath>application-audit.log</filepath> records application audit messages, and is
            present only if an application is configured to write audit messages through <ph
              keyref="nm-cc"/>. (<ph keyref="nm-rm"/> is configured for audit logging through <ph
              keyref="nm-cc"/>, <ph keyref="nm-core"/> is not.)</li>
        </ul></p>
      
      <p>The files in the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> audit log directory are managed by
          <cmdname>logrotate</cmdname>. The <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> RPM installation process
        installs <cmdname>logrotate</cmdname>, if necessary, and creates
          <filepath>/etc/cron.hourly/serviced</filepath>. Then, the <cmdname>anacron</cmdname>
        service invokes <cmdname>logrotate</cmdname> every hour. The operations that
          <cmdname>logrotate</cmdname> performs on audit log files are specified in
          <filepath>/opt/serviced/etc/logrotate.conf</filepath>. The default configuration rotates,
        compresses, and removes files as necessary to ensure that the logs occupy no more than 10GB
        of storage. To store larger volumes of log files, choose one or more of the following
        options: <ul>
          <li>Mount the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> audit log directory on a larger local or remote
            file system.</li>
          <li>Modify the <cmdname>logrotate</cmdname> configuration file.</li>
          <li>Forward the log files to a log management application.</li>
          <li>Use a <cmdname>cron</cmdname> job to copy the files to a larger local or remote file
            system.</li>
        </ul></p>
      
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
