<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Master host configuration options</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The tables in this section provides general information about 
        the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> configuration variables that  
        affect the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host only.</p>
    </section>
    <table>
      <title>Storage variables for the master host</title>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="5*"/>
        <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="4*"/>
        <colspec colname="c3" colwidth="4*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Variable</entry>
            <entry>Description</entry>
            <entry>Purpose</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_ISVCS_PATH</varname></entry>
            <entry morerows="2">The data storage paths of separate functional
              components of <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services.</entry>
            <entry morerows="2">Enable separate storage areas for one or 
              more components. The default installation process 
              puts all three components on the same device.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_VOLUMES_PATH</varname></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_BACKUPS_PATH</varname></entry>
          </row>
          
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_FS_TYPE</varname></entry>
            <entry morerows="2">The driver type, device path, and base size
            of the application data storage resource.</entry>
            <entry morerows="2">Provide basic information about
              the data storage resource.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_DM_THINPOOLDEV</varname></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_DM_BASESIZE</varname></entry>
          </row>
          
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_SNAPSHOT_TTL</varname></entry>
            <entry morerows="1">The snapshot retention interval and the percentage
            of the data storage area that is available for new snapshots.</entry>
            <entry morerows="1">Prevent the creation of snapshots that are too 
              large to fit the thin pool.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_SNAPSHOT_USE_PERCENT</varname></entry>
          </row>
          
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_MAX_DAYS</varname></entry>
            <entry morerows="2">The variables that manage the amount of space used by the
              application log storage service.</entry>
            <entry morerows="2">Prevent application logs from filling the storage device that the
              log storage service uses.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_MAX_SIZE</varname></entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_CYCLE_TIME</varname></entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </refbody>
</reference>
