<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:topic" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topicid">
  <title>Preparing storage for the master host</title>
  <body>
    <p>In addition to the storage required for its operating system,
      a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host requires the following storage areas:</p>
    <ul>
      <li>A local partition for Docker data, configured as an LVM thin pool.</li>
      <li>A local partition for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services data, formatted with the XFS
        filesystem. 
        
        <note><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services include ZooKeeper, which requires
          consistently fast storage. <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> recommends using
          a separate, high-performance storage resource for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
          internal services. For example, a drive that is configured with only
          one primary partition, which eliminates contention by other services.</note>
      </li>
      <li>A local or remote primary partition for <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> data, configured as
        an LVM thin pool.</li>
      <li>A local primary partition, a remote primary partition, or a remote file server, for
        backups of <ph keyref="nm-platform"/> data. The local or remote primary partition is
        formatted with the XFS filesystem. A remote file server must provide a filesystem that is
        compatible with XFS.
      <note>If you are using a primary partition on a local device for backups, ensure that 
        the primary partition for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services data is not on the
        same device.</note>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>For storage sizing information, refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</p>
    
    <p>For LVM thin pools, no formatting is required&#8212;simply create primary
      partitons, which are configured in subsequent procedures. For more information, 
      refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</p>
    
    <p>To create the required storage, perform the following procedures.</p>   
    
    <note>Data present on the primary partitions you select are destroyed in these procedure. Please
      ensure that data is backed up elsewhere, or no longer needed, before proceeding.</note>
    
  </body>
</topic>
