<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="topicid">
  <title>Master host storage requirements</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>This section provides a quick reference for the minimum block storage
        requirements of a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host. These requirements
        are in addition to the storage required for the host's operating system. For more
        information, refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</p>
      
      <p>Enter the following command to display information about the
         used and available block storage on a Linux host:</p>
        <codeblock>lsblk -ap --output=NAME,SIZE,TYPE,FSTYPE,MOUNTPOINT</codeblock>
      <p>Compare the output with the information in the following table.</p>
      
      <table>
        <tgroup cols="3">
          <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="1*"/>
          <colspec colname="c3" colwidth="2*"/>
          <thead>
            <row>
              <entry>Purpose</entry>
              <entry>Minimum size</entry>
              <entry>Description</entry>
            </row>
          </thead>
          <tbody>
            <row>
              <entry>Docker data</entry>
              <entry>50GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>A local, unformatted, high-performance device or partition.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services data</entry>
              <entry>50GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>A local, high-performance device or partition formatted as an XFS filesystem. In particular,
                ZooKeeper requires consistently fast (low-contention) storage.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Application data</entry>
              <entry>200GB (suggested)</entry>
              <entry>A local or remote, unformatted, high-performance device or partition.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry>Application data backups</entry>
              <entry>150GB (suggested)</entry>
              <entry>A remote file server compatible with XFS, or a local or remote device or 
                partition formatted as an XFS filesystem. If the storage is local, ensure
                that it does not cause contention with the storage for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
                internal services.</entry>
            </row>
            <row>
              <entry><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> metadata</entry>
              <entry>1GB (required)</entry>
              <entry>A local, high-performance device or partition formatted as an XFS filesystem.
                (High-availability deployments only.)</entry>
            </row>
          </tbody>
        </tgroup>
      </table>

      <p>The unformatted devices or partitions for Docker data and application data are configured as
        LVM thin pools in subsequent procedures. </p>
      
      <p>The suggested minimum sizes for application data and application data backups should be
        replaced with sizes that meet your application requirements. To calculate the appropriate
        sizes for these storage areas, use the following guidelines:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Application data storage includes space for both data and snapshots. The default base
          size for data is 100GB, and the recommended space for snapshots is 100% of the base size.
          Adding the two yields the suggested minimum size of 200GB.</li>
        <li>For application data backups, the recommended space is 150% of the base size for
          data.</li>
      </ul>
      
      <p>The following sections provide procedures for formatting and mounting local storage
        as XFS filesystems for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services data and application
        data backups.</p>   

    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
