<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Configuring application data storage</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to create a thin pool for application data storage,
      and to configure the master host to use it. The following <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
      configuration variables are used to specify application data thin pools:
      <dl>
        <dlentry conkeyref="feature-vars-file/SERVICED_FS_TYPE"><dt/><dd/></dlentry>
        <dlentry conkeyref="feature-vars-file/SERVICED_DM_THINPOOLDEV"><dt/><dd/></dlentry>
        <dlentry conkeyref="feature-vars-file/SERVICED_DM_BASESIZE"><dt/><dd/></dlentry>
      </dl>
      <note>This procedure does not include a specific value for the size of the thin pool. For
        more information about sizing this resource, refer to the documentation for your
        application. Or, use the suggested minimum value, 200GB. You can add storage to an LVM thin
        pool at any time.</note>
      <p>Perform these steps:</p>
    </context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the master host 
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create an LVM thin pool for application data.</cmd>
        <info>For more information about the <cmdname>serviced-storage</cmdname> command,
          see <xref keyref="feature-cli-serviced-storage"/>.</info>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Value</varname> with the fixed or relative amount of space to use
          for the thin pool; and replace <varname>Storage</varname> with the paths of one or more
          block devices or partitions, or the name of an LVM volume group:
          <codeblock>serviced-storage create-thin-pool --size=<varname>Value</varname> serviced <varname>Storage</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>On success, the result is the device mapper name of the thin pool, which always
          starts with <codeph>/dev/mapper</codeph>.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Identify the size of the thin pool for application data.</cmd>
        <info>The size is required to set an accurate value for the
            <varname>SERVICED_DM_BASESIZE</varname> variable.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>lvs --options=lv_name,lv_size | grep serviced-pool</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Make a backup copy of the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> configuration file.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Make a copy of <filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath>.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>cp /etc/default/serviced /etc/default/serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>-orig</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Set the backup file permissions to read-only.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>chmod 0440 /etc/default/serviced-<ph keyref="lo-version-cc"/>-orig</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Edit storage variables in the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> configuration file.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/open-file"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Locate the line for the <varname>SERVICED_FS_TYPE</varname> variable, and 
              then make a copy of the line, immediately below the original.</cmd>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/uncomment"><cmd/></substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add <varname>SERVICED_DM_THINPOOLDEV</varname> immediately after
                <varname>SERVICED_FS_TYPE</varname>, and set its value.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Thin-Pool-Name</varname> with the device mapper 
              name of the thin pool for application data:
              <codeblock>SERVICED_DM_THINPOOLDEV=<varname>Thin-Pool-Name</varname></codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Add <varname>SERVICED_DM_BASESIZE</varname> immediately after
              <varname>SERVICED_DM_THINPOOLDEV</varname>, and set its value.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <p>Replace <varname>Fifty-Percent</varname> with the value that is less than or
                equal to 50% of the size of the thin pool for application data.
                Include the symbol for gigabytes, <codeph>G</codeph>:</p>
              <codeblock>SERVICED_DM_BASESIZE=<varname>Fifty-Percent</varname>G</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep conkeyref="feature-lib-tasks/save"><cmd/></substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
    </steps>
    <postreq>Proceed to the next chapter and configure the host.</postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
