<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Fixed issues</title>
  <refbody>
    <table>
      <title>Release 1.3.3</title>
      <tgroup cols="2">
        <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="1*"/>
        <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="5*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>ID</entry>
            <entry>Description</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3438</entry>
            <entry>Status icon for hosts is the same whether offline or unauthorized.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3511</entry>
            <entry>RabbitMQ admin web interface links are broken for the /zenoss
              exchanges/queues.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3519</entry>
            <entry>When <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> generates the logstash.conf file used by the Docker
              container <codeph>serviced-isvcs_logstash</codeph>, it might generate duplicate
              entries for some of the service-specific filters. When that happens, Logstash might
              not properly forward data to Elasticsearch.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3520</entry>
            <entry>When upgrading to <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 1.3.2, the check for
                <codeph>serviced</codeph> thinpool reports errors on delegates as if they do not
              have any thinpools.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3552</entry>
            <entry>Display version information after upgrade or new installation of <ph
                keyref="nm-cc"/>. </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3554</entry>
            <entry>Allow configurable logging of Logrus messages in
                <codeph>serviced-controller</codeph>.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3555</entry>
            <entry>When connections fail, ZooKeeper aggressively attempts to re-establish network
              connections, which can lead to a flood of SYN packets from remote <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
              delegates to their VPN server.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3556</entry>
            <entry>Improved log content and easier control of per-package log levels.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3563</entry>
            <entry>When a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> delegate is disconnected from the <ph keyref="nm-cc"
              /> master, glog attempts to reconnect very aggressively in an attempt to find
              Logstash. This behavior can lead to a flood of unneeded network requests.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3575</entry>
            <entry>Docker has been upgraded to 17.03.1 to address a variety of potential
              issues.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>CC-3612</entry>
            <entry><codeph>serviced</codeph> base device potentially can grow after restart.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
  </refbody>
</reference>
