<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Creating a file system for internal services</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>
      <p>This procedure creates an XFS file system on a primary partition. For more information
        about primary partitions, refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</p>
      
      <note><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services include ZooKeeper, which requires
        consistently fast storage. <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> recommends using
        a separate, high-performance storage resource for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
        internal services. For example, a drive that is configured with only
        one primary partition, which eliminates contention by other services.</note>
    </context>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the target host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Identify the target primary partition for the file system to create.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>lsblk --output=NAME,SIZE,TYPE,FSTYPE,MOUNTPOINT</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>For more information about the output of 
              the <cmdname>lsblk</cmdname> command, 
              and about creating primary partitions, 
              refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-plan"/>.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create an XFS file system.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Partition</varname> with the path of the target primary partition:
          <codeblock>mkfs -t xfs <varname>Partition</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Add an entry to the <filepath>/etc/fstab</filepath> file.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Partition</varname> with the path of the primary
          partition used in the previous step:
          <codeblock>echo "<varname>Partition</varname> \
  /opt/serviced/var/isvcs xfs defaults 0 0" >> /etc/fstab</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Create the mount point for internal services data.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>mkdir -p /opt/serviced/var/isvcs</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Mount the file system, and then verify it mounted correctly.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>mount -a &#38;&#38; mount | grep isvcs</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Example result:
          <codeblock>/dev/xvdb1 on /opt/serviced/var/isvcs type xfs (rw,relatime,seclabel,attr2,inode64,noquota)</codeblock>
        </stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
