<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="conceptid">
  <title>Upgrade best practices</title>
  <refbody>
    <section id="best-practices">
      <p>The following list outlines recommended best practices for upgrading high-availability <ph
          keyref="nm-cc"/> deployments:</p>
      <ol>
        <li>Download a copy of the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-notes"/> for 
          this release and review its contents. The latest information
          is included in that document.</li>
        <li>Upgrade only what needs upgrading. For example, you can update some components
          independently. For more information, see the following appendices:
        <ul>
          <li><xref keyref="cc-upgrade-ha-agent-agent"/></li>
          <li><xref keyref="cc-upgrade-ha-maps-pcs"/></li>
        </ul>
        </li>
        
        <li>Compare the Docker images that accompany this release with the
        images that accompany the installed release, and determine whether the
        image files need to be downloaded and installed. <ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-int"/>
        <xref keyref="cc-upgrade-paths-images"/>.</li>
        
        <li>The contents of <filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath> on the master nodes must be
          identical. Use a utility like <cmdname>sum</cmdname> to compare the files quickly.</li>

        <li>On delegate hosts, most of the upgrade steps are identical. Use <cmdname>screen</cmdname>,
          <cmdname>tmux</cmdname>, or a similar program to establish sessions on each delegate host and 
          perform the steps at the same time.</li>

        <li>Review and verify the settings in delegate host configuration files
          (<filepath>/etc/default/serviced</filepath>) before starting the upgrade.
          Ideally, the settings on all delegate hosts are identical, except on 
          ZooKeeper nodes and delegate hosts that do not mount the DFS.</li>
        
        <li>Review the procedures in this guide before performing them. Every effort is made to
          avoid mistakes and anticipate needs; nevertheless, the instructions may be incorrect or
          inadequate for some requirements or environments.</li>
        <li>Download and stage the required files for your upgrade. <ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-int"/>
          <xref keyref="cc-upgrade-ha-offline-offline"/>.</li>
      </ol>
      
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
