<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Starting the ZooKeeper ensemble</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to start the ZooKeeper ensemble.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the master host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Determine whether <codeph>serviced</codeph> is configured to start
          when the system starts.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl is-enabled serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <choices>
          <choice>If the result is <codeph>enabled</codeph>, proceed to the next step.</choice>
          <choice>If the result is <codeph>disabled</codeph>, enter the following command:
            <codeblock>systemctl enable serviced</codeblock>
          </choice>
        </choices>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Identify the hosts in the ZooKeeper ensemble.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED_ZK=' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>The result is a list of 3 or 5 hosts, separated by 
          the comma character (<codeph>&#44;</codeph>). The master host
        is always a node in the ZooKeeper ensemble.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>In separate windows, log in to each of the delegate hosts that are nodes in the
          ZooKeeper ensemble <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On all ensemble hosts, start <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>.</cmd>
        <info>The window of time for starting a ZooKeeper ensemble is 
          relatively short. The goal of this step is to start
          <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> on each ensemble node at about the 
          same time, so that each node can participate in electing
          the leader.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>systemctl start serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>On the master host, check the status of the ZooKeeper ensemble.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Attach to the container of the ZooKeeper service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>serviced service attach serviced-isvcs_zookeeper</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Query the master host and identify its role in the ensemble.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Master</varname> with the hostname or IP address of the master host:
              <codeblock>{ echo stats; sleep 1; } | nc <varname>Master</varname> 2181 | grep Mode</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>The result includes <codeph>leader</codeph> or
              <codeph>follower</codeph>.</stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Query the other delegate hosts to identify their role in the ensemble.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>Replace <varname>Delegate</varname> with the hostname or IP address of a delegate host:
              <codeblock>{ echo stats; sleep 1; } | nc <varname>Delegate</varname> 2181 | grep Mode</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Detach from the container of the ZooKeeper service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>exit</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
        <stepresult>If none of the nodes reports that it is the ensemble leader within a few minutes of
          starting <cmdname>serviced</cmdname>, reboot the ensemble hosts.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
