<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>New features</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <title><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> storage</title>
      <ul>
        <li>The storage underlying <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> has changed from btrfs to DeviceMapper.
          Migration to DeviceMapper is required as part of the upgrade process.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    
    <section>
      <title><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> backup enhancements</title>
      <ul>
        <li><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> will now briefly pause services to snapshot them, then return the
          system to a fully functional state while performing the backup in the background. This
          means that services can be deleted or altered while the backup continues.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Single-Host to Multi-Host migration enhancements</title>
      <ul>
        <li>Migrating from a single-host to multi-host install now requires only that the new
          host(s) be configured and added to the Resource Pool in the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master
          UI. Configuration changes and other steps formerly required in earlier <ph keyref="nm-cc"
          /> releases are no longer necessary.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Serviced storage tool</title>
      <ul>
        <li>A new tool (<codeph>serviced storage</codeph>) is provided to greatly streamline working
          with <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> storage, including support for tasks such as creating volumes,
          creating and resizing thin pools, initializing DeviceMapper and converting from btrfs to
          DeviceMapper.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Snapshot tagging</title>
      <ul>
        <li>Serviced snapshots can now be tagged with a name. Important to note is that the Time To
          Live (TTL) does not apply to tagged snapshots, meaning they will not be deleted according
          to the TTL schedule.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Clustered ZooKeeper</title>
      <ul>
        <li>Multi-host systems can utilize a ZooKeeper cluster for improved performance and
          reliability.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    <section>
      <title>Public endpoints by port number</title>
      <ul>
        <li>Public Endpoints can be vhosts, accessible by host name, or ports, accessible by
            <codeph>ip:port</codeph> or <codeph>hostname:port</codeph>. Specifying by port number
          removes the need to update DNS entries or <codeph>/etc/hosts</codeph> files.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
    
    <section>
      <title>Removal of Ubuntu support</title>
      <ul>
        <li>Ubuntu is no longer a supported platform for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 1.1.1 or
          later.</li>
      </ul>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
