<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>User access control</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> provides a browser interface and a command-line interface.</p>
      
      <p>To gain access to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> browser interface, users must have login
        accounts on the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host. In addition, users must be members of the
          <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> browser interface access group, which by default is the system group,
          <codeph>wheel</codeph>. To enhance security, you may change the browser interface access
        group from <codeph>wheel</codeph> to any other group.</p>
      
      <p>To use the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> command-line interface (CLI) on a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/>
        cluster host, a user must have login account on the host, and the account must be a member
        of the <codeph>serviced</codeph> group. The <codeph>serviced</codeph> group is created
        when the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> RPM package is installed.</p>
      
      <note><ph keyref="nm-cc"/> supports using two different groups to control access to 
        the browser interface and the CLI. You can enable access to both interfaces for the
        same users by choosing the <cmdname>serviced</cmdname> group as the browser interface
        access group.</note>
      
      <p>Pluggable Authentication Modules (PAM) is supported and recommended for enabling access to
        both the browser interface and the command-line interface. However, the PAM configuration
        must include the <cmdname>sudo</cmdname> service. <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> relies on the host's
          <cmdname>sudo</cmdname> configuration, and if no configuration is present, PAM defaults to
        the configuration for <codeph>other</codeph>, which is typically too restrictive for <ph
          keyref="nm-cc"/> users. For more information about configuring PAM, refer to your
        operating system documentation.</p>
      
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
