<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="referenceid">
  <title>Storage variables</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>The variables in the following table are set only on the master host. </p>
      <ul>
        <li>Use one of the first two groups of variables but not both.</li>
        <li>The defaults of the third group may need to be
          changed before starting the master host for the first time.</li>
        <li>Typically, the defaults of the last two groups
          of variables are not changed until <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> has managed an 
          application for a while and a need arises. </li>
      </ul>
      <p>The <varname>SERVICED_STORAGE_STATS_UPDATE_INTERVAL</varname> 
        variable sets the interval for collecting kernel statistics about the
        application data thin pool. Its default value is unlikely to require 
        a change until a need arises.</p>
    <table>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec colname="c1" colwidth="5.2*"/>
        <colspec colname="c2" colwidth="4*"/>
        <colspec colname="c3" colwidth="4*"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>Variable</entry>
            <entry>Description</entry>
            <entry>Purpose</entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry><lines><varname>SERVICED_FS_TYPE</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_DM_ARGS</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_DM_BASESIZE</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_DM_THINPOOLDEV</varname></lines></entry>
            <entry>The specifications of a <codeph>devicemapper</codeph>-based
             application data storage resource for production use.</entry>
            <entry>Provide basic information about
              the data storage resource.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><lines><varname>SERVICED_FS_TYPE</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_DM_LOOPDATASIZE</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_DM_LOOPMETADATASIZE</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_ALLOW_LOOP_BACK</varname></lines></entry>
            <entry>The specifications of a <codeph>devicemapper</codeph>-based
              application data storage resource for development use.</entry>
            <entry>Provide basic information about
              the data storage resource.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><lines><varname>SERVICED_ISVCS_PATH</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_VOLUMES_PATH</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_BACKUPS_PATH</varname></lines></entry>
            <entry>The data storage paths of separate functional
              components of <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> internal services.</entry>
            <entry>Enable separate storage areas for one or 
              more components. The default installation process 
              puts all three components on the same device.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><lines><varname>SERVICED_SNAPSHOT_TTL</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_SNAPSHOT_USE_PERCENT</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_MAX_DFS_TIMEOUT</varname></lines></entry>
            <entry>The snapshot retention interval, the percentage of the 
              data storage thin pool that is unused, and the snapshot
              attempt timeout interval.</entry>
            <entry>Prevent the creation of snapshots that are too 
              large to fit the thin pool.</entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry><lines><varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_MAX_DAYS</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_MAX_SIZE</varname>
<varname>SERVICED_LOGSTASH_CYCLE_TIME</varname></lines></entry>
            <entry>The variables that manage the amount of space used by the
              application log storage service.</entry>
            <entry>Prevent application logs from filling the storage device that logstash
                uses.</entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </table>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
