<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Preparing the master host operating system</title>
  <taskbody>

    <context>This procedure prepares a RHEL/CentOS 7.1 or 7.2
      host as a <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host.</context>
    <context>Perform this procedure on the primary node and on the secondary node.</context>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the host 
          <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="shared-install-tasks/localhost-entry">
        <cmd></cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Add the required hostnames and IP addresses of both the primary and the seconday node
          to the <filepath>/etc/hosts</filepath> file.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <p><b>For a dual-NIC system</b>, replace each variable name with the values designated for
            each node, and replace <codeph>example.com</codeph> with the domain name of your
            orgnanization:</p>
          <codeblock>echo "<varname>Primary-Public-IP</varname> <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts
echo "<varname>Primary-Private-IP</varname> <varname>Primary-Private-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Primary-Private-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts
echo "<varname>Secondary-Public-IP</varname> <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts
echo "<varname>Secondary-Private-IP</varname> <varname>Secondary-Private-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Secondary-Private-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepxmp>
          <p><b>For a single-NIC system</b>, replace each variable name with the values designated
            for each node, and replace <codeph>example.com</codeph> with the domain name of your
            orgnanization:</p>
          <codeblock>echo "<varname>Primary-Public-IP</varname> <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Primary-Public-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts
echo "<varname>Secondary-Public-IP</varname> <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname>.example.com \
  <varname>Secondary-Public-Name</varname>" &#62;&#62; /etc/hosts</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="shared-install-tasks/firewall">
        <cmd></cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="shared-install-tasks/journal">
        <cmd></cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="shared-install-tasks/kill-selinux">
        <cmd></cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="shared-install-tasks/dnsmasq">
        <cmd></cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Install the <xref keyref="url-nmap-ncat">Nmap Ncat</xref> utility.</cmd>
        <info>The utility is used to verify ZooKeeper ensemble configurations.</info>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>yum --enablerepo=zenoss-mirror install -y nmap-ncat</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Remove any filesystem signature from the
          required primary partitions.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <p>Replace each variable name with the path of the primary partition designated for each
            storage area:</p>
          <codeblock>wipefs -a <varname>Docker-Partition</varname>
wipefs -a <varname>Isvcs-Partition</varname>
wipefs -a <varname>Metadata-Partition</varname>
wipefs -a <varname>App-Data-Partition</varname></codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Add mount points for XFS filesystems, which are created in subsequent steps.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>mkdir -p /opt/serviced/var/isvcs /opt/serviced/var/volumes</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Reboot the host.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>reboot</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
