<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:reference" "reference.dtd">
<reference id="conceptid">
  <title>New features that affect upgrades from release 1.2.x</title>
  <refbody>
    <section>
      <p>This release includes new features and new requirements that affect the upgrade process.
        The following list provides an overview of the changes that are addressed during this
        upgrade.</p>
      <note><ph conkeyref="names/company"/> applications may require additional steps
        to prepare to use this release. For more information, refer to the documentation
        for your application.</note>
      <ul>
        <li>When storage becomes critically low, <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> initiates an <i>emergency
            shutdown</i> of applications and services while sufficient resources remain to take
          action to avoid data loss. Support for this feature requires specific minimum amounts of
          space in the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> thin pool for application data. Before you upgrade, 
          determine whether the thin pool is adequate and if necessary,
          resize. <ph conkeyref="strings/fmi-int"/>
          <xref keyref="cc-feature-manage-thinpool-minimums"/>.</li>
        <li>Previously, <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> recommended using the master host nodes for <ph
          keyref="nm-cc"/> services only. Starting with this release, <ph conkeyref="names/company"
          /> recommends using the master host nodes for <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> services and for two
          database services. The services requires additional RAM and CPU resources. For more
          information about the amount of RAM and CPU resources to add to master host nodes, please
          contact your <ph conkeyref="names/company"/> representative.</li>
      </ul>
      <p>For more information about this release, refer to the <cite conkeyref="pubs/cite-notes"
        />.</p>
    </section>
  </refbody>
</reference>
