<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Configuring delegate host B as a ZooKeeper node</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to configure the delegate host designated as
        <varname>Delegate-B</varname> as a ZooKeeper node.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Log in to the delegate host <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="cc-feature-zk-lib/zk-define-ips">
        <cmd/>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Set the ID of this node in the ZooKeeper ensemble.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>echo "SERVICED_ISVCS_ZOOKEEPER_ID=3" &#62;&#62; /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Remove the existing definition of the <varname>SERVICED_ZK</varname> variable, which 
          specifies only the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master host.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>sed -i.bak '/SERVICED_ZK=/d' /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>

      <step conkeyref="cc-feature-zk-lib/zk-set-nodes">
        <cmd/>
      </step>

      <step>
        <cmd>Specify the nodes in the ZooKeeper quorum.</cmd>
        <info>ZooKeeper requires a unique quorum definition for each node in its ensemble. To
          achieve this, replace the IP address or hostname of delegate host B with
          <codeph>0.0.0.0</codeph>.</info>
        <stepxmp>You can copy the following text and paste it in your console:
          <codeblock>q1="1@${node1}:2888:3888"
q2="2@${node2}:2888:3888"
q3="3@0.0.0.0:2888:3888"
echo "SERVICED_ISVCS_ZOOKEEPER_QUORUM=${q1},${q2},${q3}" \
  &#62;&#62; /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="cc-feature-zk-lib/zk-set-timeout">
        <cmd/>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Configure <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> to start the ZooKeeper service.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>You can copy the following text and paste it in your console:
          <codeblock>echo "SERVICED_ISVCS_START=zookeeper" &#62;&#62; /etc/default/serviced</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Verify the ZooKeeper environment variables.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>grep -E '^\b*SERVICED' /etc/default/serviced \
  | grep -E '(CS_ZO|_ZK|CS_ST)'</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>The following example shows the environment variables for a delegate host with
          IP address 198.51.100.137. <note>The value of the
              <varname>SERVICED_ISVCS_ZOOKEEPER_QUORUM</varname> variable is formatted to fit the
            available space. The result of the <cmdname>grep</cmdname> command shows the variable
            and value on the same line.</note>
          <codeblock>SERVICED_ZK=198.51.100.135:2181,198.51.100.136:2181,198.51.100.137:2181
SERVICED_ISVCS_START=zookeeper
SERVICED_ISVCS_ZOOKEEPER_ID=3
SERVICED_ISVCS_ZOOKEEPER_QUORUM=1@198.51.100.135:2888:3888,\
  2@198.51.100.136:2888:3888,3@0.0.0.0:2888:3888
SERVICED_ZK_SESSION_TIMEOUT=15</codeblock>
        </stepresult> 
      </step>
      
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>












