<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "urn:pubid:zenoss.com:doctypes:dita:dtd:task" "task.dtd">
<task id="taskid">
  <title>Stopping a master host node</title>
  <taskbody>
    <context>Use this procedure to stop the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> 
      service (<cmdname>serviced</cmdname>) on the master host in a high-availability deployment.</context>
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Use the virtual hostname or virtual IP address of the high-availability cluster to log
          in to the <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> master node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>.</cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Display the public hostname of the current node.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>uname -n</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Make a note of which node (primary or secondary) is the
          current node, for use in a subsequent step.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step conkeyref="cc-feature-manage-stop-1/stop-app">
        <cmd></cmd>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Stop <ph keyref="nm-cc"/> with the cluster management tool.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>pcs cluster standby --all</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Monitor the status of cluster resources.</cmd>
        <stepxmp>
          <codeblock>watch pcs status</codeblock>
        </stepxmp>
        <stepresult>Monitor the status until all resources report <codeph>Stopped</codeph>. Resolve
          any issues before continuing.</stepresult>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>Ensure that no containers remain in the local repository.</cmd>
        <substeps>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Start the Docker service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl start docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Display the identifiers of all containers, running and exited.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>docker ps -qa</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
            <stepresult>If the command returns a result, enter the following command:
              <codeblock>docker ps -qa | xargs --no-run-if-empty docker rm -fv</codeblock>
            </stepresult>
          </substep>
          <substep>
            <cmd>Stop the Docker service.</cmd>
            <stepxmp>
              <codeblock>systemctl stop docker</codeblock>
            </stepxmp>
          </substep>
        </substeps>
      </step>
      
      <step>
        <cmd>To ensure that no containers remain in both Docker repositories, log in to the
          other master node <ph conkeyref="strings/login-root"/>, and then perform the preceding
          step.</cmd>
      </step>
      
    </steps>
  </taskbody>
</task>
